King James Version: Jeremiah: Jeremiah Chapter
King James Version: Jeremiah Chapter
The word that came to  from the LORD saying,

 Hear ye the words of this , and speak unto the men of , and to the inhabitants of ;

 And say thou unto them, Thus saith the LORD God of ; Cursed be the man that obeyeth not the words of this ,

 Which I commanded your fathers in the day that I brought them forth out of the land of , from the  , saying, Obey my voice, and do them, according to all which I command you: so shall ye be my people, and I will be your God:

 That I may perform the  which I have sworn unto your fathers, to give them a land flowing with  and , as it is this day. Then answered I, and said, So be it, O LORD.

 Then the LORD said unto me, Proclaim all these words in the cities of , and in the streets of , saying, Hear ye the words of this , and do them.

 For I earnestly protested unto your fathers in the day that I brought them up out of the land of , even unto this day, rising early and protesting, saying, Obey my voice.

 Yet they obeyed not, nor inclined their , but walked every one in the imagination of their evil heart: therefore I will bring upon them all the words of this , which I commanded them to do: but they did them not.

 And the LORD said unto me, A conspiracy is found among the men of , and among the inhabitants of .

 They are turned back to the iniquities of their forefathers, which refused to hear my words; and they went after other gods to serve them: the house of  and the house of  have broken my  which I made with their fathers.

 Therefore thus saith the LORD, Behold, I will bring evil upon them, which they shall not be able to escape; and though they shall cry unto me, I will not hearken unto them.

 Then shall the cities of  and inhabitants of  go, and cry unto the gods unto whom they offer : but they shall not save them at all in the time of their trouble.

 For according to the number of thy cities were thy gods, O ; and according to the number of the streets of  have ye set up altars to that shameful thing, even altars to burn  unto .

 Therefore pray not thou for this people, neither lift up a cry or  for them: for I will not hear them in the time that they cry unto me for their trouble.

 What hath my beloved to do in mine house, seeing she hath wrought  with many, and the holy  is passed from thee? when thou doest evil, then thou rejoicest.

 The LORD called thy name, A green  tree, fair, and of goodly : with the noise of a great tumult he hath kindled fire upon it, and the branches of it are broken.

 For the LORD of hosts, that planted thee, hath pronounced evil against thee, for the evil of the house of  and of the house of , which they have done against themselves to provoke me to  in   unto .

 And the LORD hath given me knowledge of it, and I know it: then thou shewedst me their doings.

 But I was like a  or an  that is brought to the slaughter; and I knew not that they had devised devices against me, saying, Let us destroy the tree with the  thereof, and let us cut him off from the land of the living, that his name may be no more remembered.

 But, O LORD of hosts, that judgest righteously, that triest the  and the heart, let me see thy vengeance on them: for unto thee have I revealed my cause.

 Therefore thus saith the LORD of the men of , that seek thy life, saying, Prophesy not in the name of the LORD, that thou die not by our hand:

 Therefore thus saith the LORD of hosts, Behold, I will punish them: the young men shall die by the ; their sons and their daughters shall die by :

 And there shall be no remnant of them: for I will bring evil upon the men of , even the year of their visitation.
