King James Version: Jeremiah: Jeremiah Chapter
King James Version: Jeremiah Chapter
And it came to pass in the fourth year of  the son of   of , that this word came unto  from the LORD, saying,

 Take thee a  of a book, and write therein all the words that I have spoken unto thee against , and against , and against all the nations, from the day I spake unto thee, from the days of , even unto this day.

 It may be that the house of  will hear all the evil which I purpose to do unto them; that they may return every man from his evil way; that I may forgive their iniquity and their .

 Then  called  the son of Neriah: and  wrote from the mouth of  all the words of the LORD, which he had spoken unto him, upon a  of a book.

 And  commanded , saying, I am shut up; I cannot go into the house of the LORD:

 Therefore go thou, and read in the , which thou hast written from my mouth, the words of the LORD in the ears of the people in the LORD's house upon the fasting day: and also thou shalt read them in the ears of all  that come out of their cities.

 It may be they will present their supplication before the LORD, and will return every one from his evil way: for great is the  and the  that the LORD hath pronounced against this people.

 And  the son of Neriah did according to all that  the  commanded him, reading in the book the words of the LORD in the LORD's house.

 And it came to pass in the fifth year of  the son of   of , in the ninth month, that they proclaimed a  before the LORD to all the people in , and to all the people that came from the cities of  unto .

 Then read  in the book the words of  in the house of the LORD, in the  of  the son of  the scribe, in the higher court, at the entry of the new  of the LORD's house, in the ears of all the people.

 When  the son of , the son of , had heard out of the book all the words of the LORD,

 Then he went down into the king's house, into the scribe's : and, lo, all the princes sat there, even  the scribe, and  the son of , and  the son of , and  the son of , and  the son of , and all the princes.

 Then  declared unto them all the words that he had heard, when  read the book in the ears of the people.

 Therefore all the princes sent  the son of , the son of , the son of Cushi, unto , saying, Take in thine hand the  wherein thou hast read in the ears of the people, and come. So  the son of Neriah took the  in his hand, and came unto them.

 And they said unto him, Sit down now, and read it in our ears. So  read it in their ears.

 Now it came to pass, when they had heard all the words, they were afraid both one and other, and said unto , We will surely tell the  of all these words.

 And they asked , saying, Tell us now, How didst thou write all these words at his mouth?

 Then  answered them, He pronounced all these words unto me with his mouth, and I wrote them with ink in the book.

 Then said the princes unto , Go, hide thee, thou and ; and let no man know where ye be.

 And they went in to the  into the court, but they laid up the  in the  of  the scribe, and told all the words in the ears of the .

 So the  sent  to fetch the : and he took it out of  the scribe's . And  read it in the ears of the , and in the ears of all the princes which stood beside the .

 Now the  sat in the winterhouse in the ninth month: and there was a fire on the  burning before him.

 And it came to pass, that when  had read three or four leaves, he cut it with the penknife, and cast it into the fire that was on the , until all the  was consumed in the fire that was on the .

 Yet they were not afraid, nor  their garments, neither the , nor any of his servants that heard all these words.

 Nevertheless  and  and  had made intercession to the  that he would not burn the : but he would not hear them.

 But the  commanded  the son of , and  the son of Azriel, and  the son of , to take  the scribe and  the : but the LORD hid them.

 Then the word of the LORD came to , after that the  had burned the , and the words which  wrote at the mouth of , saying,

 Take thee again another , and write in it all the former words that were in the first , which  the  of  hath burned.

 And thou shalt say to   of , Thus saith the LORD; Thou hast burned this , saying, Why hast thou written therein, saying, The  of  shall certainly come and destroy this land, and shall cause to cease from thence man and ?

 Therefore thus saith the LORD of   of ; He shall have none to sit upon the  of : and his dead body shall be cast out in the day to the heat, and in the night to the .

 And I will punish him and his seed and his servants for their iniquity; and I will bring upon them, and upon the inhabitants of , and upon the men of , all the evil that I have pronounced against them; but they hearkened not.

 Then took  another , and gave it to  the scribe, the son of Neriah; who wrote therein from the mouth of  all the words of the book which   of  had burned in the fire: and there were added besides unto them many like words.
