King James Version: Jeremiah: Jeremiah Chapter
King James Version: Jeremiah Chapter
Then  the son of , and  the son of , and Jucal the son of , and  the son of , heard the words that  had spoken unto all the people, saying,

 Thus saith the LORD, He that remaineth in this city shall die by the , by the , and by the pestilence: but he that goeth forth to the Chaldeans shall live; for he shall have his life for a prey, and shall live.

 Thus saith the LORD, This city shall surely be given into the hand of the  of Babylon's army, which shall take it.

 Therefore the princes said unto the , We beseech thee, let this man be put to death: for thus he weakeneth the hands of the men of war that remain in this city, and the hands of all the people, in speaking such words unto them: for this man seeketh not the welfare of this people, but the hurt.

 Then  the  said, Behold, he is in your hand: for the  is not he that can do any thing against you.

 Then took they , and cast him into the  of  the son of , that was in the court of the : and they let down  with cords. And in the  there was no water, but mire: so  sunk in the mire.

 Now when Ebedmelech the Ethiopian, one of the eunuchs which was in the king's house, heard that they had put  in the ; the  then  in the  of ;

 Ebedmelech went forth out of the king's house, and spake to the  saying,

 My lord the , these men have done evil in all that they have done to  the , whom they have cast into the ; and he is like to die for hunger in the place where he is: for there is no more  in the city.

 Then the  commanded Ebedmelech the Ethiopian, saying, Take from hence thirty men with thee, and take up  the  out of the , before he die.

 So Ebedmelech took the men with him, and went into the house of the  under the , and took thence old cast clouts and old rotten rags, and let them down by cords into the  to .

 And Ebedmelech the Ethiopian said unto , Put now these old cast clouts and rotten rags under thine armholes under the cords. And  did so.

 So they drew up  with cords, and took him up out of the : and  remained in the court of the .

 Then  the  sent, and took  the  unto him into the third entry that is in the house of the LORD: and the  said unto , I will ask thee a thing; hide nothing from me.

 Then  said unto , If I declare it unto thee, wilt thou not surely put me to death? and if I give thee counsel, wilt thou not hearken unto me?

 So  the  sware secretly unto , saying, As the LORD liveth, that made us this soul, I will not put thee to death, neither will I give thee into the hand of these men that seek thy life.

 Then said  unto , Thus saith the LORD, the God of hosts, the God of ; If thou wilt assuredly go forth unto the  of Babylon's princes, then thy soul shall live, and this city shall not be burned with fire; and thou shalt live, and thine house:

 But if thou wilt not go forth to the  of Babylon's princes, then shall this city be given into the hand of the Chaldeans, and they shall burn it with fire, and thou shalt not escape out of their hand.

 And  the  said unto , I am afraid of the Jews that are fallen to the Chaldeans, lest they deliver me into their hand, and they mock me.

 But  said, They shall not deliver thee. Obey, I beseech thee, the voice of the LORD, which I speak unto thee: so it shall be well unto thee, and thy soul shall live.

 But if thou refuse to go forth, this is the word that the LORD hath shewed me:

 And, behold, all the women that are left in the  of Judah's house shall be brought forth to the  of Babylon's princes, and those women shall say, Thy friends have set thee on, and have prevailed against thee: thy feet are sunk in the mire, and they are turned away back.

 So they shall bring out all thy wives and thy children to the Chaldeans: and thou shalt not escape out of their hand, but shalt be taken by the hand of the  of : and thou shalt cause this city to be burned with fire.

 Then said  unto , Let no man know of these words, and thou shalt not die.

 But if the princes hear that I have talked with thee, and they come unto thee, and say unto thee, Declare unto us now what thou hast said unto the , hide it not from us, and we will not put thee to death; also what the  said unto thee:

 Then thou shalt say unto them, I presented my supplication before the , that he would not cause me to return to Jonathan's house, to die there.

 Then came all the princes unto , and asked him: and he told them according to all these words that the  had commanded. So they left off speaking with him; for the matter was not perceived.

 So  abode in the court of the  until the day that  was taken: and he was there when  was taken.
