King James Version: Jeremiah: Jeremiah Chapter
King James Version: Jeremiah Chapter
In the beginning of the reign of  the son of   of  came this word unto  from the LORD, saying,

 Thus saith the LORD to me; Make thee bonds and yokes, and put them upon thy ,

 And send them to the  of , and to the  of , and to the  of the Ammonites, and to the  of Tyrus, and to the  of , by the hand of the messengers which come to  unto   of ;

 And command them to say unto their masters, Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of ; Thus shall ye say unto your masters;

 I have made the earth, the man and the  that are upon the ground, by my great power and by my outstretched arm, and have given it unto whom it seemed meet unto me.

 And now have I given all these lands into the hand of  the  of , my servant; and the beasts of the field have I given him also to serve him.

 And all nations shall serve him, and his son, and his son's son, until the very time of his land come: and then many nations and great kings shall serve themselves of him.

 And it shall come to pass, that the nation and kingdom which will not serve the same  the  of , and that will not put their  under the  of the  of , that nation will I punish, saith the LORD, with the , and with the , and with the pestilence, until I have consumed them by his hand.

 Therefore hearken not ye to your prophets, nor to your diviners, nor to your dreamers, nor to your enchanters, nor to your sorcerers, which speak unto you, saying, Ye shall not serve the  of :

 For they prophesy a lie unto you, to remove you far from your land; and that I should drive you out, and ye should perish.

 But the nations that bring their  under the  of the  of , and serve him, those will I let remain still in their own land, saith the LORD; and they shall till it, and dwell therein.

 I spake also to   of  according to all these words, saying, Bring your necks under the  of the  of , and serve him and his people, and live.

 Why will ye die, thou and thy people, by the , by the , and by the pestilence, as the LORD hath spoken against the nation that will not serve the  of ?

 Therefore hearken not unto the words of the prophets that speak unto you, saying, Ye shall not serve the  of : for they prophesy a lie unto you.

 For I have not sent them, saith the LORD, yet they prophesy a lie in my name; that I might drive you out, and that ye might perish, ye, and the prophets that prophesy unto you.

 Also I spake to the priests and to all this people, saying, Thus saith the LORD; Hearken not to the words of your prophets that prophesy unto you, saying, Behold, the vessels of the LORD's house shall now shortly be brought again from : for they prophesy a lie unto you.

 Hearken not unto them; serve the  of , and live: wherefore should this city be laid waste?

 But if they be prophets, and if the word of the LORD be with them, let them now make intercession to the LORD of hosts, that the vessels which are left in the house of the LORD, and in the house of the  of , and at , go not to .

 For thus saith the LORD of hosts concerning the pillars, and concerning the sea, and concerning the bases, and concerning the residue of the vessels that remain in this city.

 Which   of  took not, when he carried away  Jeconiah the son of   of  from  to , and all the nobles of  and ;

 Yea, thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of , concerning the vessels that remain in the house of the LORD, and in the house of the  of  and of ;

 They shall be carried to , and there shall they be until the day that I visit them, saith the LORD; then will I bring them up, and restore them to this place.
