King James Version: Jeremiah: Jeremiah Chapter
King James Version: Jeremiah Chapter
Thus saith the LORD; Behold, I will raise up against , and against them that dwell in the midst of them that rise up against me, a destroying wind;

 And will send unto  fanners, that shall  her, and shall empty her land: for in the day of trouble they shall be against her round about.

 Against him that bendeth let the  bend his , and against him that lifteth himself up in his : and spare ye not her young men; destroy ye utterly all her .

 Thus the slain shall fall in the land of the Chaldeans, and they that are thrust through in her streets.

 For  hath not been forsaken, nor  of his God, of the LORD of hosts; though their land was filled with  against the Holy One of .

 Flee out of the midst of , and deliver every man his soul: be not cut off in her iniquity; for this is the time of the LORD's vengeance; he will render unto her a recompence.

  hath been a golden  in the LORD's hand, that made all the earth drunken: the nations have drunken of her ; therefore the nations are mad.

  is suddenly fallen and destroyed: howl for her; take  for her pain, if so be she may be healed.

 We would have healed , but she is not healed: forsake her, and let us go every one into his own country: for her judgment reacheth unto , and is lifted up even to the skies.

 The LORD hath brought forth our : come, and let us declare in  the work of the LORD our God.

 Make bright the ; gather the shields: the LORD hath raised up the  of the kings of the Medes: for his device is against , to destroy it; because it is the vengeance of the LORD, the vengeance of his .

 Set up the standard upon the walls of , make the watch strong, set up the watchmen, prepare the ambushes: for the LORD hath both devised and done that which he spake against the inhabitants of .

 O thou that dwellest upon many waters, abundant in treasures, thine end is come, and the measure of thy .

 The LORD of hosts hath sworn by himself, saying, Surely I will fill thee with men, as with caterpillers; and they shall lift up a shout against thee.

 He hath made the earth by his power, he hath established the world by his wisdom, and hath stretched out the  by his understanding.

 When he uttereth his voice, there is a multitude of waters in the heavens; and he causeth the vapours to ascend from the ends of the earth: he maketh lightnings with , and bringeth forth the wind out of his treasures.

 Every man is brutish by his knowledge; every founder is confounded by the graven image: for his molten image is falsehood, and there is no breath in them.

 They are vanity, the work of errors: in the time of their visitation they shall perish.

 The portion of  is not like them; for he is the former of all things: and  is the rod of his inheritance: the LORD of hosts is his name.

 Thou art my battle  and weapons of war: for with thee will I break in  the nations, and with thee will I destroy kingdoms;

 And with thee will I break in  the horse and his rider; and with thee will I break in  the  and his rider;

 With thee also will I break in  man and woman; and with thee will I break in  old and young; and with thee will I break in  the young man and the maid;

 I will also break in  with thee the  and his flock; and with thee will I break in  the  and his  of oxen; and with thee will I break in  captains and rulers.

 And I will render unto  and to all the inhabitants of  all their evil that they have done in  in your sight, saith the LORD.

 Behold, I am against thee, O destroying mountain, saith the LORD, which destroyest all the earth: and I will stretch out mine hand upon thee, and  thee down from the rocks, and will make thee a burnt mountain.

 And they shall not take of thee a  for a corner, nor a  for foundations; but thou shalt be desolate for ever, saith the LORD.

 Set ye up a standard in the land, blow the trumpet among the nations, prepare the nations against her, call together against her the kingdoms of , , and Ashchenaz; appoint a captain against her; cause the horses to come up as the rough caterpillers.

 Prepare against her the nations with the kings of the Medes, the captains thereof, and all the rulers thereof, and all the land of his dominion.

 And the land shall tremble and sorrow: for every purpose of the LORD shall be performed against , to make the land of  a desolation without an inhabitant.

 The mighty men of  have forborn to fight, they have remained in their holds: their might hath failed; they became as women: they have burned her dwellingplaces; her bars are broken.

 One  shall run to meet another, and one  to meet another, to shew the  of  that his city is taken at one end,

 And that the passages are stopped, and the reeds they have burned with fire, and the men of war are affrighted.

 For thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of ; The daughter of  is like a threshingfloor, it is time to thresh her: yet a little while, and the time of her  shall come.

  the  of  hath devoured me, he hath crushed me, he hath made me an empty vessel, he hath swallowed me up like a , he hath filled his  with my delicates, he hath cast me out.

 The violence done to me and to my  be upon , shall the inhabitant of  say; and my  upon the inhabitants of , shall  say.

 Therefore thus saith the LORD; Behold, I will plead thy cause, and take vengeance for thee; and I will dry up her sea, and make her springs dry.

 And  shall become heaps, a dwellingplace for dragons, an astonishment, and an hissing, without an inhabitant.

 They shall roar together like : they shall yell as lions' whelps.

 In their heat I will make their feasts, and I will make them drunken, that they may rejoice, and sleep a perpetual sleep, and not wake, saith the LORD.

 I will bring them down like lambs to the slaughter, like rams with he goats.

 How is  taken! and how is the praise of the whole earth surprised! how is  become an astonishment among the nations!

 The sea is come up upon : she is covered with the multitude of the waves thereof.

 Her cities are a desolation, a dry land, and a , a land wherein no man dwelleth, neither doth any son of man pass thereby.

 And I will punish  in , and I will bring forth out of his mouth that which he hath swallowed up: and the nations shall not flow together any more unto him: yea, the wall of  shall fall.

 My people, go ye out of the midst of her, and deliver ye every man his soul from the fierce  of the LORD.

 And lest your heart faint, and ye fear for the rumour that shall be heard in the land; a rumour shall both come one year, and after that in another year shall come a rumour, and violence in the land, ruler against ruler.

 Therefore, behold, the days come, that I will do judgment upon the graven images of : and her whole land shall be confounded, and all her slain shall fall in the midst of her.

 Then the  and the earth, and all that is therein, shall sing for : for the spoilers shall come unto her from the north, saith the LORD.

 As  hath caused the slain of  to fall, so at  shall fall the slain of all the earth.

 Ye that have escaped the , go away, stand not still: remember the LORD afar off, and let  come into your mind.

 We are confounded, because we have heard reproach: shame hath covered our faces: for strangers are come into the sanctuaries of the LORD's house.

 Wherefore, behold, the days come, saith the LORD, that I will do judgment upon her graven images: and through all her land the wounded shall groan.

 Though  should  up to , and though she should fortify the height of her strength, yet from me shall spoilers come unto her, saith the LORD.

 A sound of a cry cometh from , and great  from the land of the Chaldeans:

 Because the LORD hath spoiled , and destroyed out of her the great voice; when her waves do roar like great waters, a noise of their voice is uttered:

 Because the spoiler is come upon her, even upon , and her mighty men are taken, every one of their bows is broken: for the LORD God of recompences shall surely requite.

 And I will make  her princes, and her  men, her captains, and her rulers, and her mighty men: and they shall sleep a perpetual sleep, and not wake, saith the , whose name is the LORD of hosts.

 Thus saith the LORD of hosts; The broad walls of  shall be utterly broken, and her high gates shall be burned with fire; and the people shall labour in vain, and the folk in the fire, and they shall be weary.

 The word which  the  commanded  the son of Neriah, the son of , when he went with  the  of  into  in the fourth year of his reign. And this  was a quiet .

 So  wrote in a book all the evil that should come upon , even all these words that are written against .

 And  said to , When thou comest to , and shalt see, and shalt read all these words;

 Then shalt thou say, O LORD, thou hast spoken against this place, to cut it off, that none shall remain in it, neither man nor , but that it shall be desolate for ever.

 And it shall be, when thou hast made an end of reading this book, that thou shalt bind a  to it, and cast it into the midst of :

 And thou shalt say, Thus shall  sink, and shall not rise from the evil that I will bring upon her: and they shall be weary. Thus far are the words of .
