King James Version: Jeremiah: Jeremiah Chapter
King James Version: Jeremiah Chapter
Now  the son of  the , who was also chief governor in the house of the LORD, heard that  prophesied these things.

 Then  smote  the , and put him in the stocks that were in the high  of , which was by the house of the LORD.

 And it came to pass on the morrow, that  brought forth  out of the stocks. Then said  unto him, The LORD hath not called thy name , but Magormissabib.

 For thus saith the LORD, Behold, I will make thee a terror to thyself, and to all thy friends: and they shall fall by the  of their enemies, and thine eyes shall behold it: and I will give all  into the hand of the  of , and he shall carry them  into , and shall slay them with the .

 Moreover I will deliver all the strength of this city, and all the labours thereof, and all the precious things thereof, and all the treasures of the kings of  will I give into the hand of their enemies, which shall spoil them, and take them, and carry them to .

 And thou, , and all that dwell in thine house shall go into : and thou shalt come to , and there thou shalt die, and shalt be buried there, thou, and all thy friends, to whom thou hast prophesied lies.

 O LORD, thou hast deceived me, and I was deceived; thou art stronger than I, and hast prevailed: I am in derision daily, every one mocketh me.

 For since I spake, I cried out, I cried violence and spoil; because the word of the LORD was made a reproach unto me, and a derision, daily.

 Then I said, I will not make mention of him, nor speak any more in his name. But his word was in mine heart as a burning fire shut up in my bones, and I was weary with forbearing, and I could not stay.

 For I heard the defaming of many, fear on every side. Report, say they, and we will report it. All my familiars watched for my halting, saying, Peradventure he will be enticed, and we shall prevail against him, and we shall take our revenge on him.

 But the LORD is with me as a mighty terrible one: therefore my persecutors shall stumble, and they shall not prevail: they shall be greatly ashamed; for they shall not prosper: their  confusion shall never be forgotten.

 But, O LORD of hosts, that triest the righteous, and seest the  and the heart, let me see thy vengeance on them: for unto thee have I opened my cause.

 Sing unto the LORD, praise ye the LORD: for he hath delivered the soul of the  from the hand of evildoers.

 Cursed be the day wherein I was born: let not the day wherein my mother bare me be blessed.

 Cursed be the man who brought tidings to my father, saying, A man child is born unto thee; making him very glad.

 And let that man be as the cities which the LORD overthrew, and repented not: and let him hear the cry in the morning, and the shouting at noontide;

 Because he slew me not from the womb; or that my mother might have been my , and her womb to be always great with me.

 Wherefore came I forth out of the womb to see labour and sorrow, that my days should be consumed with shame?
