King James Version: Jeremiah: Jeremiah Chapter
King James Version: Jeremiah Chapter
The word of the LORD which came to  the  against the ;

 Against , against the army of Pharaohnecho  of , which was by the river  in , which   of  smote in the fourth year of  the son of   of .

 Order ye the  and , and draw near to battle.

  the horses; and get up, ye horsemen, and stand forth with your helmets; furbish the spears, and put on the brigandines.

 Wherefore have I seen them dismayed and turned away back? and their mighty ones are beaten down, and are fled apace, and look not back: for fear was round about, saith the LORD.

 Let not the swift flee away, nor the mighty man escape; they shall stumble, and fall toward the north by the river .

 Who is this that cometh up as a , whose waters are moved as the rivers?

  riseth up like a , and his waters are moved like the rivers; and he saith, I will go up, and will cover the earth; I will destroy the city and the inhabitants thereof.

 Come up, ye horses; and rage, ye chariots; and let the mighty men come forth; the Ethiopians and the Libyans, that handle the ; and the Lydians, that handle and bend the .

 For this is the day of the Lord GOD of hosts, a day of vengeance, that he may avenge him of his adversaries: and the  shall devour, and it shall be satiate and made  with their : for the Lord GOD of hosts hath a  in the north country by the river .

 Go up into , and take , O , the daughter of : in vain shalt thou use many medicines; for thou shalt not be cured.

 The nations have heard of thy shame, and thy cry hath filled the land: for the mighty man hath stumbled against the mighty, and they are fallen both together.

 The word that the LORD spake to  the , how   of  should come and smite the land of .

 Declare ye in , and publish in , and publish in  and in Tahpanhes: say ye, Stand , and prepare thee; for the  shall devour round about thee.

 Why are thy valiant men swept away? they stood not, because the LORD did drive them.

 He made many to fall, yea, one fell upon another: and they said, Arise, and let us go again to our own people, and to the land of our nativity, from the oppressing .

 They did cry there,   of  is but a noise; he hath passed the time appointed.

 As I live, saith the , whose name is the LORD of hosts, Surely as  is among the mountains, and as  by the sea, so shall he come.

 O thou daughter dwelling in , furnish thyself to go into : for  shall be waste and desolate without an inhabitant.

  is like a very fair , but  cometh; it cometh out of the north.

 Also her hired men are in the midst of her like fatted bullocks; for they also are turned back, and are fled away together: they did not stand, because the day of their calamity was come upon them, and the time of their visitation.

 The voice thereof shall go like a ; for they shall march with an army, and come against her with axes, as hewers of .

 They shall cut down her , saith the LORD, though it cannot be searched; because they are more than the grasshoppers, and are innumerable.

 The daughter of  shall be confounded; she shall be delivered into the hand of the people of the north.

 The LORD of hosts, the God of , saith; Behold, I will punish the multitude of No, and , and , with their gods, and their kings; even , and all them that trust in him:

 And I will deliver them into the hand of those that seek their lives, and into the hand of   of , and into the hand of his servants: and afterward it shall be inhabited, as in the days of old, saith the LORD.

 But fear not thou, O my servant , and be not dismayed, O : for, behold, I will save thee from afar off, and thy seed from the land of their ; and  shall return, and be in rest and at ease, and none shall make him afraid.

 Fear thou not, O  my servant, saith the LORD: for I am with thee; for I will make a full end of all the nations whither I have driven thee: but I will not make a full end of thee, but correct thee in measure; yet will I not leave thee wholly unpunished.
