King James Version: Jeremiah: Jeremiah Chapter
King James Version: Jeremiah Chapter
The word that came to  from the LORD in the tenth year of   of , which was the eighteenth year of .

 For then the  of Babylon's army besieged : and  the  was shut up in the court of the , which was in the  of Judah's house.

 For   of  had shut him up, saying, Wherefore dost thou prophesy, and say, Thus saith the LORD, Behold, I will give this city into the hand of the  of , and he shall take it;

 And   of  shall not escape out of the hand of the Chaldeans, but shall surely be delivered into the hand of the  of , and shall speak with him mouth to mouth, and his eyes shall behold his eyes;

 And he shall lead  to , and there shall he be until I visit him, saith the LORD: though ye fight with the Chaldeans, ye shall not prosper.

 And  said, The word of the LORD came unto me, saying,

 Behold,  the son of  thine uncle shall come unto thee saying, Buy thee my field that is in : for the right of  is thine to buy it.

 So  mine uncle's son came to me in the court of the  according to the word of the LORD, and said unto me, Buy my field, I pray thee, that is in , which is in the country of : for the right of inheritance is thine, and the  is thine; buy it for thyself. Then I knew that this was the word of the LORD.

 And I bought the field of  my uncle's son, that was in , and weighed him the money, even seventeen shekels of .

 And I subscribed the evidence, and sealed it, and took witnesses, and weighed him the money in the balances.

 So I took the evidence of the purchase, both that which was sealed according to the law and , and that which was open:

 And I gave the evidence of the purchase unto  the son of Neriah, the son of , in the sight of  mine uncle's son, and in the presence of the witnesses that subscribed the book of the purchase, before all the Jews that sat in the court of the .

 And I charged  before them, saying,

 Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of ; Take these evidences, this evidence of the purchase, both which is sealed, and this evidence which is open; and put them in an earthen vessel, that they may continue many days.

 For thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of ; Houses and fields and vineyards shall be possessed again in this land.

 Now when I had delivered the evidence of the purchase unto  the son of Neriah, I prayed unto the LORD, saying,

 Ah Lord GOD! behold, thou hast made the  and the earth by thy great power and stretched out arm, and there is nothing too hard for thee:

 Thou shewest lovingkindness unto , and recompensest the iniquity of the fathers into the  of their children after them: the Great, the Mighty God, the LORD of hosts, is his name,

 Great in counsel, and mighty in work: for thine eyes are open upon all the ways of the sons of men: to give every one according to his ways, and according to the  of his doings:

 Which hast set signs and wonders in the land of , even unto this day, and in , and among other men; and hast made thee a name, as at this day;

 And hast brought forth thy people  out of the land of  with signs, and with wonders, and with a strong hand, and with a stretched out arm, and with great terror;

 And hast given them this land, which thou didst swear to their fathers to give them, a land flowing with  and ;

 And they came in, and possessed it; but they obeyed not thy voice, neither walked in thy law; they have done nothing of all that thou commandedst them to do: therefore thou hast caused all this evil to come upon them:

 Behold the mounts, they are come unto the city to take it; and the city is given into the hand of the Chaldeans, that fight against it, because of the , and of the , and of the pestilence: and what thou hast spoken is come to pass; and, behold, thou seest it.

 And thou hast said unto me, O Lord GOD, Buy thee the field for money, and take witnesses; for the city is given into the hand of the Chaldeans.

 Then came the word of the LORD unto , saying,

 Behold, I am the LORD, the God of all : is there any thing too hard for me?

 Therefore thus saith the LORD; Behold, I will give this city into the hand of the Chaldeans, and into the hand of   of , and he shall take it:

 And the Chaldeans, that fight against this city, shall come and set fire on this city, and burn it with the houses, upon whose roofs they have offered  unto , and poured out  offerings unto other gods, to provoke me to .

 For the children of  and the children of  have only done evil before me from their youth: for the children of  have only provoked me to  with the work of their hands, saith the LORD.

 For this city hath been to me as a provocation of mine  and of my  from the day that they built it even unto this day; that I should remove it from before my face,

 Because of all the evil of the children of  and of the children of , which they have done to provoke me to , they, their kings, their princes, their priests, and their prophets, and the men of , and the inhabitants of .

 And they have turned unto me the back, and not the face: though I taught them, rising up early and teaching them, yet they have not hearkened to receive instruction.

 But they set their abominations in the house, which is called by my name, to defile it.

 And they built the high places of , which are in the  of the son of , to cause their sons and their daughters to pass through the fire unto Molech; which I commanded them not, neither came it into my mind, that they should do this , to cause  to .

 And now therefore thus saith the LORD, the God of , concerning this city, whereof ye say, It shall be delivered into the hand of the  of  by the , and by the , and by the pestilence;

 Behold, I will gather them out of all countries, whither I have driven them in mine , and in my , and in great wrath; and I will bring them again unto this place, and I will cause them to dwell safely:

 And they shall be my people, and I will be their God:

 And I will give them one heart, and one way, that they may fear me for ever, for the good of them, and of their children after them:

 And I will make an   with them, that I will not turn away from them, to do them good; but I will put my fear in their hearts, that they shall not depart from me.

 Yea, I will rejoice over them to do them good, and I will plant them in this land assuredly with my whole heart and with my whole soul.

 For thus saith the LORD; Like as I have brought all this great evil upon this people, so will I bring upon them all the good that I have promised them.

 And fields shall be bought in this land, whereof ye say, It is desolate without man or ; it is given into the hand of the Chaldeans.

 Men shall buy fields for money, and subscribe evidences, and  them, and take witnesses in the land of , and in the places about , and in the cities of , and in the cities of the mountains, and in the cities of the , and in the cities of the south: for I will cause their  to return, saith the LORD.
