King James Version: Jeremiah: Jeremiah Chapter
King James Version: Jeremiah Chapter
The word which came unto  from the LORD, when   sent unto him  the son of Melchiah, and  the son of  the , saying,

 Enquire, I pray thee, of the LORD for us; for   of  maketh war against us; if so be that the LORD will deal with us according to all his wondrous works, that he may go up from us.

 Then said  unto them, Thus shall ye say to :

 Thus saith the LORD God of ; Behold, I will turn back the weapons of war that are in your hands, wherewith ye fight against the  of , and against the Chaldeans, which besiege you without the walls, and I will assemble them into the midst of this city.

 And I myself will fight against you with an outstretched hand and with a strong arm, even in , and in , and in great wrath.

 And I will smite the inhabitants of this city, both man and : they shall die of a great pestilence.

 And afterward, saith the LORD, I will deliver   of , and his servants, and the people, and such as are left in this city from the pestilence, from the , and from the , into the hand of   of , and into the hand of their enemies, and into the hand of those that seek their life: and he shall smite them with the edge of the ; he shall not spare them, neither have pity, nor have .

 And unto this people thou shalt say, Thus saith the LORD; Behold, I set before you the way of life, and the way of death.

 He that abideth in this city shall die by the , and by the , and by the pestilence: but he that goeth out, and falleth to the Chaldeans that besiege you, he shall live, and his life shall be unto him for a prey.

 For I have set my face against this city for evil, and not for good, saith the LORD: it shall be given into the hand of the  of , and he shall burn it with fire.

 And touching the house of the  of , say, Hear ye the word of the LORD;

 O house of , thus saith the LORD; Execute judgment in the morning, and deliver him that is spoiled out of the hand of the oppressor, lest my  go out like fire, and burn that none can quench it, because of the evil of your doings.

 Behold, I am against thee, O inhabitant of the , and  of the , saith the LORD; which say, Who shall come down against us? or who shall enter into our habitations?

 But I will punish you according to the  of your doings, saith the LORD: and I will kindle a fire in the  thereof, and it shall devour all things round about it.
