King James Version: Jeremiah: Jeremiah Chapter
King James Version: Jeremiah Chapter
was one and twenty years old when he began to reign, and he reigned eleven years in . And his mother's name was  the daughter of  of .

 And he did that which was evil in the eyes of the LORD, according to all that  had done.

 For through the  of the LORD it came to pass in  and , till he had cast them out from his presence, that  rebelled against the  of .

 And it came to pass in the ninth year of his reign, in the tenth month, in the tenth day of the month, that   of  came, he and all his army, against , and pitched against it, and built forts against it round about.

 So the city was besieged unto the eleventh year of  .

 And in the fourth month, in the ninth day of the month, the  was sore in the city, so that there was no  for the people of the land.

 Then the city was broken up, and all the men of war fled, and went forth out of the city by night by the way of the  between the two walls, which was by the king's garden; (now the Chaldeans were by the city round about:) and they went by the way of the .

 But the army of the Chaldeans pursued after the , and overtook  in the plains of ; and all his army was scattered from him.

 Then they took the , and carried him up unto the  of  to  in the land of ; where he gave judgment upon him.

 And the  of  slew the sons of  before his eyes: he slew also all the princes of  in .

 Then he put out the eyes of ; and the  of  bound him in chains, and carried him to , and put him in  till the day of his death.

 Now in the fifth month, in the tenth day of the month, which was the nineteenth year of   of , came , captain of the , which served the  of , into ,

 And burned the house of the LORD, and the king's house; and all the houses of , and all the houses of the great men, burned he with fire:

 And all the army of the Chaldeans, that were with the captain of the , brake down all the walls of  round about.

 Then  the captain of the  carried away  certain of the  of the people, and the residue of the people that remained in the city, and those that fell away, that fell to the  of , and the rest of the multitude.

 But  the captain of the  left certain of the  of the land for vinedressers and for husbandmen.

 Also the pillars of  that were in the house of the LORD, and the bases, and the brasen sea that was in the house of the LORD, the Chaldeans brake, and carried all the  of them to .

 The caldrons also, and the shovels, and the snuffers, and the bowls, and the spoons, and all the vessels of  wherewith they ministered, took they away.

 And the basons, and the firepans, and the bowls, and the caldrons, and the candlesticks, and the spoons, and the cups; that which was of  in , and that which was of  in , took the captain of the  away.

 The two pillars, one sea, and twelve brasen bulls that were under the bases, which   had made in the house of the LORD: the  of all these vessels was without weight.

 And concerning the pillars, the height of one  was eighteen cubits; and a fillet of twelve cubits did compass it; and the thickness thereof was four fingers: it was hollow.

 And a  of  was upon it; and the height of one  was five cubits, with network and pomegranates upon the chapiters round about, all of . The second  also and the pomegranates were like unto these.

 And there were ninety and six pomegranates on a side; and all the pomegranates upon the network were an hundred round about.

 And the captain of the  took  the chief , and  the second , and the three keepers of the door:

 He took also out of the city an , which had the charge of the men of war; and  men of them that were near the king's person, which were found in the city; and the principal scribe of the , who mustered the people of the land; and threescore men of the people of the land, that were found in the midst of the city.

 So  the captain of the  took them, and brought them to the  of  to .

 And the  of  smote them, and put them to death in  in the land of . Thus  was carried away  out of his own land.

 This is the people whom  carried away : in the seventh year three thousand Jews and three and twenty:

 In the eighteenth year of  he carried away  from  eight hundred thirty and two persons:

 In the three and twentieth year of   the captain of the  carried away  of the Jews  hundred forty and five persons: all the persons were four thousand and six hundred.

 And it came to pass in the  and thirtieth year of the  of   of , in the twelfth month, in the five and twentieth day of the month, that Evilmerodach  of  in the first year of his reign lifted up the head of   of , and brought him forth out of .

 And spake kindly unto him, and set his  above the  of the kings that were with him in ,

 And changed his  garments: and he did continually eat  before him all the days of his life.

 And for his diet, there was a continual diet given him of the  of , every day a portion until the day of his death, all the days of his life.
