King James Version: Jeremiah: Jeremiah Chapter
King James Version: Jeremiah Chapter
The word of the LORD that came to  concerning the .

  mourneth, and the gates thereof languish; they are black unto the ground; and the cry of  is gone up.

 And their nobles have sent their little ones to the waters: they came to the pits, and found no water; they returned with their vessels empty; they were ashamed and confounded, and covered their heads.

 Because the ground is chapt, for there was no  in the earth, the plowmen were ashamed, they covered their heads.

 Yea, the  also calved in the field, and forsook it, because there was no .

 And the wild asses did stand in the high places, they snuffed up the wind like dragons; their eyes did fail, because there was no .

 O LORD, though our iniquities testify against us, do thou it for thy name's sake: for our backslidings are many; we have sinned against thee.

 O the hope of , the  thereof in time of trouble, why shouldest thou be as a  in the land, and as a wayfaring man that turneth aside to tarry for a night?

 Why shouldest thou be as a man astonied, as a mighty man that cannot save? yet thou, O LORD, art in the midst of us, and we are called by thy name; leave us not.

 Thus saith the LORD unto this people, Thus have they loved to wander, they have not refrained their feet, therefore the LORD doth not accept them; he will now remember their iniquity, and visit their sins.

 Then said the LORD unto me, Pray not for this people for their good.

 When they , I will not hear their cry; and when they offer burnt  and an oblation, I will not accept them: but I will consume them by the , and by the , and by the pestilence.

 Then said I, Ah, Lord GOD! behold, the prophets say unto them, Ye shall not see the , neither shall ye have ; but I will give you assured peace in this place.

 Then the LORD said unto me, The prophets prophesy lies in my name: I sent them not, neither have I commanded them, neither spake unto them: they prophesy unto you a false  and , and a thing of nought, and the deceit of their heart.

 Therefore thus saith the LORD concerning the prophets that prophesy in my name, and I sent them not, yet they say,  and  shall not be in this land; By  and  shall those prophets be consumed.

 And the people to whom they prophesy shall be cast out in the streets of  because of the  and the ; and they shall have none to bury them, them, their wives, nor their sons, nor their daughters: for I will pour their wickedness upon them.

 Therefore thou shalt say this word unto them; Let mine eyes run down with tears night and day, and let them not cease: for the  daughter of my people is broken with a great , with a very grievous blow.

 If I go forth into the field, then behold the slain with the !  and if I enter into the city, then behold them that are sick with !  yea, both the  and the  go about into a land that they know not.

 Hast thou utterly rejected ? hath thy soul lothed ? why hast thou smitten us, and there is no healing for us? we looked for peace, and there is no good; and for the time of healing, and behold trouble!

 We acknowledge, O LORD, our wickedness, and the iniquity of our fathers: for we have sinned against thee.

 Do not abhor us, for thy name's sake, do not disgrace the  of thy : remember, break not thy  with us.

 Are there any among the vanities of the  that can cause ? or can the heavens give showers? art not thou he, O LORD our God?  therefore we will wait upon thee: for thou hast made all these things.
