King James Version: Jeremiah: Jeremiah Chapter
King James Version: Jeremiah Chapter
Moreover the word of the LORD came unto  the second time, while he was yet shut up in the court of the , saying,

 Thus saith the LORD the maker thereof, the LORD that formed it, to establish it; the LORD is his name;

 Call unto me, and I will answer thee, and shew thee great and mighty things, which thou knowest not.

 For thus saith the LORD, the God of , concerning the houses of this city, and concerning the houses of the kings of , which are thrown down by the mounts, and by the ;

 They come to fight with the Chaldeans, but it is to fill them with the dead bodies of men, whom I have slain in mine  and in my , and for all whose wickedness I have hid my face from this city.

 Behold, I will bring it health and cure, and I will cure them, and will reveal unto them the abundance of peace and truth.

 And I will cause the  of  and the  of  to return, and will build them, as at the first.

 And I will cleanse them from all their iniquity, whereby they have sinned against me; and I will  all their iniquities, whereby they have sinned, and whereby they have transgressed against me.

 And it shall be to me a name of joy, a praise and an honour before all the nations of the earth, which shall hear all the good that I do unto them: and they shall fear and tremble for all the  and for all the prosperity that I procure unto it.

 Thus saith the LORD; Again there shall be heard in this place, which ye say shall be desolate without man and without , even in the cities of , and in the streets of , that are desolate, without man, and without inhabitant, and without ,

 The voice of joy, and the voice of gladness, the voice of the bridegroom, and the voice of the , the voice of them that shall say, Praise the LORD of hosts: for the LORD is good; for his  endureth for ever: and of them that shall bring the  of praise into the house of the LORD. For I will cause to return the  of the land, as at the first, saith the LORD.

 Thus saith the LORD of hosts; Again in this place, which is desolate without man and without , and in all the cities thereof, shall be an  of shepherds causing their flocks to lie down.

 In the cities of the mountains, in the cities of the vale, and in the cities of the south, and in the land of , and in the places about , and in the cities of , shall the flocks pass again under the hands of him that telleth them, saith the LORD.

 Behold, the days come, saith the LORD, that I will perform that good thing which I have promised unto the house of  and to the house of .

 In those days, and at that time, will I cause the  of  to grow up unto ; and he shall execute judgment and  in the land.

 In those days shall  be saved, and  shall dwell safely: and this is the name wherewith she shall be called, The LORD our .

 For thus saith the LORD;  shall never want a man to sit upon the  of the house of ;

 Neither shall the priests the Levites want a man before me to offer burnt offerings, and to kindle meat offerings, and to do  continually.

 And the word of the LORD came unto , saying,

 Thus saith the LORD; If ye can break my  of the day, and my  of the night, and that there should not be day and night in their season;

 Then may also my  be broken with  my servant, that he should not have a son to reign upon his ; and with the Levites the priests, my ministers.

 As the  of  cannot be numbered, neither the sand of the sea measured: so will I multiply the seed of  my servant, and the Levites that  unto me.

 Moreover the word of the LORD came to , saying,

 Considerest thou not what this people have spoken, saying, The two families which the LORD hath , he hath even cast them off? thus they have despised my people, that they should be no more a nation before them.

 Thus saith the LORD; If my  be not with day and night, and if I have not appointed the ordinances of  and earth;

 Then will I cast away the seed of  and  my servant, so that I will not take any of his seed to be rulers over the seed of , , and : for I will cause their  to return, and have  on them.
