King James Version: Jeremiah: Jeremiah Chapter
King James Version: Jeremiah Chapter
The  of  is written with a pen of , and with the point of a : it is graven upon the table of their heart, and upon the horns of your altars;

 Whilst their children remember their altars and their groves by the green trees upon the high hills.

 O my mountain in the field, I will give thy substance and all thy treasures to the spoil, and thy high places for , throughout all thy borders.

 And thou, even thyself, shalt discontinue from thine heritage that I gave thee; and I will cause thee to serve thine enemies in the land which thou knowest not: for ye have kindled a fire in mine , which shall burn for ever.

 Thus saith the LORD; Cursed be the man that trusteth in man, and maketh  his arm, and whose heart departeth from the LORD.

 For he shall be like the  in the , and shall not see when good cometh; but shall inhabit the parched places in the , in a  land and not inhabited.

 Blessed is the man that trusteth in the LORD, and whose hope the LORD is.

 For he shall be as a tree planted by the waters, and that spreadeth out her roots by the river, and shall not see when heat cometh, but her  shall be green; and shall not be careful in the year of , neither shall cease from yielding .

 The heart is deceitful above all things, and desperately wicked: who can know it?

 I the LORD search the heart, I try the , even to give every man according to his ways, and according to the  of his doings.

 As the  sitteth on eggs, and hatcheth them not; so he that getteth riches, and not by right, shall leave them in the midst of his days, and at his end shall be a fool.

 A glorious high  from the beginning is the place of our .

 O LORD, the hope of , all that forsake thee shall be ashamed, and they that depart from me shall be written in the earth, because they have forsaken the LORD, the  of living waters.

 Heal me, O LORD, and I shall be healed; save me, and I shall be saved: for thou art my praise.

 Behold, they say unto me, Where is the word of the LORD? let it come now.

 As for me, I have not hastened from being a pastor to follow thee: neither have I desired the woeful day; thou knowest: that which came out of my lips was right before thee.

 Be not a terror unto me: thou art my hope in the day of evil.

 Let them be confounded that persecute me, but let not me be confounded: let them be dismayed, but let not me be dismayed: bring upon them the day of evil, and destroy them with double .

 Thus said the LORD unto me; Go and stand in the  of the children of the people, whereby the kings of  come in, and by the which they go out, and in all the gates of ;

 And say unto them, Hear ye the word of the LORD, ye kings of , and all , and all the inhabitants of , that enter in by these gates:

 Thus saith the LORD; Take heed to yourselves, and bear no  on the  day, nor bring it in by the gates of ;

 Neither carry forth a  out of your houses on the  day, neither do ye any work, but  ye the  day, as I commanded your fathers.

 But they obeyed not, neither inclined their , but made their  stiff, that they might not hear, nor receive instruction.

 And it shall come to pass, if ye diligently hearken unto me, saith the LORD, to bring in no  through the gates of this city on the  day, but  the  day, to do no work therein;

 Then shall there enter into the gates of this city kings and princes  upon the  of , riding in chariots and on horses, they, and their princes, the men of , and the inhabitants of : and this city shall remain for ever.

 And they shall come from the cities of , and from the places about , and from the land of , and from the , and from the mountains, and from the south, bringing burnt offerings, and sacrifices, and meat offerings, and , and bringing sacrifices of praise, unto the house of the LORD.

 But if ye will not hearken unto me to  the  day, and not to bear a , even entering in at the gates of  on the  day; then will I kindle a fire in the gates thereof, and it shall devour the palaces of , and it shall not be quenched.
