King James Version: Jeremiah: Jeremiah Chapter
King James Version: Jeremiah Chapter
At that time, saith the LORD, they shall bring out the bones of the kings of , and the bones of his princes, and the bones of the priests, and the bones of the prophets, and the bones of the inhabitants of , out of their graves:

 And they shall spread them before the , and the , and all the  of , whom they have loved, and whom they have served, and after whom they have walked, and whom they have sought, and whom they have worshipped: they shall not be gathered, nor be buried; they shall be for  upon the face of the earth.

 And death shall be  rather than life by all the residue of them that remain of this evil family, which remain in all the places whither I have driven them, saith the LORD of hosts.

 Moreover thou shalt say unto them, Thus saith the LORD; Shall they fall, and not arise? shall he turn away, and not return?

 Why then is this people of  slidden back by a perpetual backsliding? they hold  deceit, they refuse to return.

 I hearkened and heard, but they spake not aright: no man repented him of his wickedness, saying, What have I done? every one turned to his course, as the horse rusheth into the battle.

 Yea, the  in the  knoweth her appointed times; and the turtle and the  and the  observe the time of their coming; but my people know not the judgment of the LORD.

 How do ye say, We are , and the law of the LORD is with us? Lo, certainly in vain made he it; the pen of the  is in vain.

 The  men are ashamed, they are dismayed and taken: lo, they have rejected the word of the LORD; and what wisdom is in them?

 Therefore will I give their wives unto others, and their fields to them that shall inherit them: for every one from the least even unto the greatest is given to , from the  even unto the  every one dealeth falsely.

 For they have healed the hurt of the daughter of my people slightly, saying, Peace, peace; when there is no peace.

 Were they ashamed when they had committed ? nay, they were not at all ashamed, neither could they blush: therefore shall they fall among them that fall: in the time of their visitation they shall be cast down, saith the LORD.

 I will surely consume them, saith the LORD: there shall be no grapes on the , nor figs on the  tree, and the  shall fade; and the things that I have given them shall pass away from them.

 Why do we sit still? assemble yourselves, and let us enter into the defenced cities, and let us be silent there: for the LORD our God hath put us to silence, and given us water of  to , because we have sinned against the LORD.

 We looked for peace, but no good came; and for a time of health, and behold trouble!

 The snorting of his horses was heard from : the whole land trembled at the sound of the neighing of his strong ones; for they are come, and have devoured the land, and all that is in it; the city, and those that dwell therein.

 For, behold, I will send serpents, cockatrices, among you, which will not be charmed, and they shall bite you, saith the LORD.

 When I would comfort myself against sorrow, my heart is faint in me.

 Behold the voice of the cry of the daughter of my people because of them that dwell in a far country: Is not the LORD in ? is not her  in her? Why have they provoked me to  with their graven images, and with strange vanities?

 The  is past, the summer is ended, and we are not saved.

 For the hurt of the daughter of my people am I hurt; I am black; astonishment hath taken hold on me.

 Is there no  in ; is there no  there? why then is not the health of the daughter of my people recovered?
