King James Version: Jeremiah: Jeremiah Chapter
King James Version: Jeremiah Chapter
They say, If a man put away his wife, and she go from him, and become another man's, shall he return unto her again? shall not that land be greatly polluted? but thou hast played the  with many lovers; yet return again to me, saith the LORD.

 Lift up thine eyes unto the high places, and see where thou hast not been lien with. In the ways hast thou sat for them, as the Arabian in the ; and thou hast polluted the land with thy whoredoms and with thy wickedness.

 Therefore the showers have been withholden, and there hath been no latter ; and thou hadst a whore's , thou refusedst to be ashamed.

 Wilt thou not from this time cry unto me, My father, thou art the guide of my youth?

 Will he reserve his  for ever? will he keep it to the end?  Behold, thou hast spoken and done evil things as thou couldest.

 The LORD said also unto me in the days of  the , Hast thou seen that which backsliding  hath done? she is gone up upon every high mountain and under every green tree, and there hath played the .

 And I said after she had done all these things, Turn thou unto me. But she returned not. And her treacherous sister  saw it.

 And I saw, when for all the causes whereby backsliding  committed  I had put her away, and given her a bill of ; yet her treacherous sister  feared not, but went and played the  also.

 And it came to pass through the lightness of her whoredom, that she defiled the land, and committed  with stones and with stocks.

 And yet for all this her treacherous sister  hath not turned unto me with her whole heart, but feignedly, saith the LORD.

 And the LORD said unto me, The backsliding  hath justified herself more than treacherous .

 Go and proclaim these words toward the north, and say, Return, thou backsliding , saith the LORD; and I will not cause mine  to fall upon you: for I am merciful, saith the LORD, and I will not keep  for ever.

 Only acknowledge thine iniquity, that thou hast transgressed against the LORD thy God, and hast scattered thy ways to the strangers under every green tree, and ye have not obeyed my voice, saith the LORD.

 Turn, O backsliding children, saith the LORD; for I am married unto you: and I will take you one of a city, and two of a family, and I will bring you to :

 And I will give you pastors according to mine heart, which shall feed you with knowledge and understanding.

 And it shall come to pass, when ye be multiplied and increased in the land, in those days, saith the LORD, they shall say no more, The  of the  of the LORD: neither shall it come to mind: neither shall they remember it; neither shall they visit it; neither shall that be done any more.

 At that time they shall call  the  of the LORD; and all the nations shall be gathered unto it, to the name of the LORD, to : neither shall they walk any more after the imagination of their evil heart.

 In those days the house of  shall walk with the house of , and they shall come together out of the land of the north to the land that I have given for an inheritance unto your fathers.

 But I said, How shall I put thee among the children, and give thee a pleasant land, a goodly heritage of the hosts of nations? and I said, Thou shalt call me, My father; and shalt not turn away from me.

 Surely as a wife treacherously departeth from her husband, so have ye dealt treacherously with me, O house of , saith the LORD.

 A voice was heard upon the high places, weeping and supplications of the children of : for they have perverted their way, and they have forgotten the LORD their God.

 Return, ye backsliding children, and I will heal your backslidings. Behold, we come unto thee; for thou art the LORD our God.

 Truly in vain is  hoped for from the hills, and from the multitude of mountains: truly in the LORD our God is the  of .

 For shame hath devoured the labour of our fathers from our youth; their flocks and their herds, their sons and their daughters.

 We lie down in our shame, and our confusion covereth us: for we have sinned against the LORD our God, we and our fathers, from our youth even unto this day, and have not obeyed the voice of the LORD our God.
