King James Version: Jeremiah: Jeremiah Chapter
King James Version: Jeremiah Chapter
The word which came unto  from the LORD in the days of  the son of   of , saying,

 Go unto the house of the , and speak unto them, and bring them into the house of the LORD, into one of the chambers, and give them  to .

 Then I took Jaazaniah the son of , the son of Habaziniah, and his brethren, and all his sons, and the whole house of the ;

 And I brought them into the house of the LORD, into the  of the sons of , the son of Igdaliah, a man of God, which was by the  of the princes, which was above the  of  the son of , the keeper of the door:

 And I set before the sons of the house of the  pots full of , and cups, and I said unto them,  ye .

 But they said, We will  no : for  the son of  our father commanded us, saying, Ye shall  no , neither ye, nor your sons for ever:

 Neither shall ye build house, nor sow seed, nor plant vineyard, nor have any: but all your days ye shall dwell in tents; that ye may live many days in the land where ye be strangers.

 Thus have we obeyed the voice of  the son of  our father in all that he hath charged us, to  no  all our days, we, our wives, our sons, nor our daughters;

 Nor to build houses for us to dwell in: neither have we vineyard, nor field, nor seed:

 But we have dwelt in tents, and have obeyed, and done according to all that  our father commanded us.

 But it came to pass, when   of  came up into the land, that we said, Come, and let us go to  for fear of the army of the Chaldeans, and for fear of the army of the Syrians: so we dwell at .

 Then came the word of the LORD unto , saying,

 Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of ; Go and tell the men of  and the inhabitants of , Will ye not receive instruction to hearken to my words? saith the LORD.

 The words of  the son of , that he commanded his sons not to  , are performed; for unto this day they  none, but obey their father's commandment: notwithstanding I have spoken unto you, rising early and speaking; but ye hearkened not unto me.

 I have sent also unto you all my servants the prophets, rising up early and sending them, saying, Return ye now every man from his evil way, and amend your doings, and go not after other gods to serve them, and ye shall dwell in the land which I have given to you and to your fathers: but ye have not inclined your , nor hearkened unto me.

 Because the sons of  the son of  have performed the commandment of their father, which he commanded them; but this people hath not hearkened unto me:

 Therefore thus saith the LORD God of hosts, the God of ; Behold, I will bring upon  and upon all the inhabitants of  all the evil that I have pronounced against them: because I have spoken unto them, but they have not heard; and I have called unto them, but they have not answered.

 And  said unto the house of the , Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of ; Because ye have obeyed the commandment of  your father, and kept all his precepts, and done according unto all that he hath commanded you:

 Therefore thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of ;  the son of  shall not want a man to stand before me for ever.
