King James Version: Jeremiah: Jeremiah Chapter
King James Version: Jeremiah Chapter
Now these are the words of the letter that  the  sent from  unto the residue of the elders which were carried away captives, and to the priests, and to the prophets, and to all the people whom  had carried away  from  to ;

 (After that Jeconiah the , and the , and the eunuchs, the princes of  and , and the carpenters, and the smiths, were departed from ;)

 By the hand of  the son of , and  the son of , (whom   of  sent unto  to   of ) saying,

 Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of , unto all that are carried away captives, whom I have caused to be carried away from  unto ;

 Build ye houses, and dwell in them; and plant , and eat the  of them;

 Take ye wives, and beget sons and daughters; and take wives for your sons, and give your daughters to husbands, that they may bear sons and daughters; that ye may be increased there, and not diminished.

 And seek the peace of the city whither I have caused you to be carried away captives, and pray unto the LORD for it: for in the peace thereof shall ye have peace.

 For thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of ; Let not your prophets and your diviners, that be in the midst of you, deceive you, neither hearken to your dreams which ye cause to be dreamed.

 For they prophesy falsely unto you in my name: I have not sent them, saith the LORD.

 For thus saith the LORD, That after seventy years be accomplished at  I will visit you, and perform my good word toward you, in causing you to return to this place.

 For I know the thoughts that I think toward you, saith the LORD, thoughts of peace, and not of evil, to give you an expected end.

 Then shall ye call upon me, and ye shall go and pray unto me, and I will hearken unto you.

 And ye shall seek me, and find me, when ye shall search for me with all your heart.

 And I will be found of you, saith the LORD: and I will turn away your , and I will gather you from all the nations, and from all the places whither I have driven you, saith the LORD; and I will bring you again into the place whence I caused you to be carried away .

 Because ye have said, The LORD hath raised us up prophets in ;

 Know that thus saith the LORD of the  that sitteth upon the  of , and of all the people that dwelleth in this city, and of your brethren that are not gone forth with you into ;

 Thus saith the LORD of hosts; Behold, I will send upon them the , the , and the pestilence, and will make them like vile figs, that cannot be eaten, they are so evil.

 And I will persecute them with the , with the , and with the pestilence, and will deliver them to be removed to all the kingdoms of the earth, to be a , and an astonishment, and an hissing, and a reproach, among all the nations whither I have driven them:

 Because they have not hearkened to my words, saith the LORD, which I sent unto them by my servants the prophets, rising up early and sending them; but ye would not hear, saith the LORD.

 Hear ye therefore the word of the LORD, all ye of the , whom I have sent from  to :

 Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of , of  the son of Kolaiah, and of  the son of , which prophesy a lie unto you in my name; Behold, I will deliver them into the hand of   of ; and he shall slay them before your eyes;

 And of them shall be taken up a  by all the  of  which are in , saying, The LORD make thee like  and like , whom the  of  roasted in the fire;

 Because they have committed villany in , and have committed  with their neighbours' wives, and have spoken lying words in my name, which I have not commanded them; even I know, and am a , saith the LORD.

 Thus shalt thou also speak to  the , saying,

 Thus speaketh the LORD of hosts, the God of , saying, Because thou hast sent letters in thy name unto all the people that are at , and to  the son of  the , and to all the priests, saying,

 The LORD hath made thee  in the stead of  the , that ye should be officers in the house of the LORD, for every man that is mad, and maketh himself a , that thou shouldest put him in , and in the stocks.

 Now therefore why hast thou not reproved  of , which maketh himself a  to you?

 For therefore he sent unto us in , saying, This  is long: build ye houses, and dwell in them; and plant , and eat the  of them.

 And  the  read this letter in the ears of  the .

 Then came the word of the LORD unto , saying,

 Send to all them of the , saying, Thus saith the LORD concerning  the ; Because that  hath prophesied unto you, and I sent him not, and he caused you to trust in a lie:

 Therefore thus saith the LORD; Behold, I will punish  the , and his seed: he shall not have a man to dwell among this people; neither shall he behold the good that I will do for my people, saith the LORD; because he hath taught rebellion against the LORD.
