King James Version: Jeremiah: Jeremiah Chapter
King James Version: Jeremiah Chapter
At the same time, saith the LORD, will I be the God of all the families of , and they shall be my people.

 Thus saith the LORD, The people which were left of the  found  in the ; even , when I went to cause him to rest.

 The LORD hath appeared of old unto me, saying, Yea, I have loved thee with an  love: therefore with lovingkindness have I drawn thee.

 Again I will build thee, and thou shalt be built, O  of : thou shalt again be adorned with thy tabrets, and shalt go forth in the dances of them that make merry.

 Thou shalt yet plant vines upon the mountains of : the planters shall plant, and shall eat them as common things.

 For there shall be a day, that the watchmen upon the   shall cry, Arise ye, and let us go up to  unto the LORD our God.

 For thus saith the LORD; Sing with gladness for , and shout among the chief of the nations: publish ye, praise ye, and say, O LORD, save thy people, the remnant of .

 Behold, I will bring them from the north country, and gather them from the coasts of the earth, and with them the  and the lame, the woman with child and her that travaileth with child together: a great company shall return thither.

 They shall come with weeping, and with supplications will I lead them: I will cause them to walk by the rivers of waters in a straight way, wherein they shall not stumble: for I am a father to , and  is my firstborn.

 Hear the word of the LORD, O ye nations, and declare it in the isles afar off, and say, He that scattered  will gather him, and keep him, as a  doth his flock.

 For the LORD hath redeemed , and ransomed him from the hand of him that was stronger than he.

 Therefore they shall come and sing in the height of , and shall flow together to the  of the LORD, for , and for , and for oil, and for the young of the flock and of the : and their soul shall be as a watered garden; and they shall not sorrow any more at all.

 Then shall the  rejoice in the , both young men and old together: for I will turn their mourning into joy, and will comfort them, and make them rejoice from their sorrow.

 And I will satiate the soul of the priests with fatness, and my people shall be satisfied with my , saith the LORD.

 Thus saith the LORD; A voice was heard in , , and  weeping; Rahel weeping for her children refused to be comforted for her children, because they were not.

 Thus saith the LORD; Refrain thy voice from weeping, and thine eyes from tears: for thy work shall be rewarded, saith the LORD; and they shall come again from the land of the enemy.

 And there is hope in thine end, saith the LORD, that thy children shall come again to their own border.

 I have surely heard  bemoaning himself thus; Thou hast chastised me, and I was chastised, as a  unaccustomed to the : turn thou me, and I shall be turned; for thou art the LORD my God.

 Surely after that I was turned, I repented; and after that I was instructed, I smote upon my thigh: I was ashamed, yea, even confounded, because I did bear the reproach of my youth.

 Is  my dear son? is he a pleasant child? for since I spake against him, I do earnestly remember him still: therefore my  are troubled for him; I will surely have  upon him, saith the LORD.

 Set thee up waymarks, make thee high heaps: set thine heart toward the , even the way which thou wentest: turn again, O  of , turn again to these thy cities.

 How long wilt thou go about, O thou backsliding daughter? for the LORD hath created a new thing in the earth, A woman shall compass a man.

 Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of ; As yet they shall use this speech in the land of  and in the cities thereof, when I shall bring again their ; The LORD  thee, O  of , and mountain of .

 And there shall dwell in  itself, and in all the cities thereof together, husbandmen, and they that go forth with flocks.

 For I have satiated the weary soul, and I have replenished every sorrowful soul.

 Upon this I awaked, and beheld; and my sleep was sweet unto me.

 Behold, the days come, saith the LORD, that I will sow the house of  and the house of  with the seed of man, and with the seed of .

 And it shall come to pass, that like as I have watched over them, to pluck up, and to break down, and to throw down, and to destroy, and to afflict; so will I watch over them, to build, and to plant, saith the LORD.

 In those days they shall say no more, The fathers have eaten a sour , and the children's teeth are set on edge.

 But every one shall die for his own iniquity: every man that eateth the sour , his teeth shall be set on edge.

 Behold, the days come, saith the LORD, that I will make a new  with the house of , and with the house of :

 Not according to the  that I made with their fathers in the day that I took them by the hand to bring them out of the land of ; which my  they brake, although I was an husband unto them, saith the LORD:

 But this shall be the  that I will make with the house of ; After those days, saith the LORD, I will put my law in their inward parts, and write it in their hearts; and will be their God, and they shall be my people.

 And they shall teach no more every man his neighbour, and every man his brother, saying, Know the LORD: for they shall all know me, from the least of them unto the greatest of them, saith the LORD: for I will forgive their iniquity, and I will remember their  no more.

 Thus saith the LORD, which giveth the  for a light by day, and the ordinances of the  and of the  for a light by night, which divideth the sea when the waves thereof roar; The LORD of hosts is his name:

 If those ordinances depart from before me, saith the LORD, then the seed of  also shall cease from being a nation before me for ever.

 Thus saith the LORD; If  above can be measured, and the foundations of the earth searched out beneath, I will also cast off all the seed of  for all that they have done, saith the LORD.

 Behold, the days come, saith the LORD, that the city shall be built to the LORD from the tower of  unto the  of the corner.

 And the measuring line shall yet go forth over against it upon the hill , and shall compass about to .

 And the whole  of the dead bodies, and of the , and all the fields unto the  of , unto the corner of the horse  toward the , shall be holy unto the LORD; it shall not be plucked up, nor thrown down any more for ever.
