King James Version: Jeremiah: Jeremiah Chapter
King James Version: Jeremiah Chapter
And it came to pass the same year, in the beginning of the reign of   of , in the fourth year, and in the fifth month, that  the son of  the , which was of , spake unto me in the house of the LORD, in the presence of the priests and of all the people, saying,

 Thus speaketh the LORD of hosts, the God of , saying, I have broken the  of the  of .

 Within two full years will I bring again into this place all the vessels of the LORD's house, that   of  took away from this place, and carried them to :

 And I will bring again to this place Jeconiah the son of   of , with all the captives of , that went into , saith the LORD: for I will break the  of the  of .

 Then the   said unto the   in the presence of the priests, and in the presence of all the people that stood in the house of the LORD,

 Even the   said, : the LORD do so: the LORD perform thy words which thou hast prophesied, to bring again the vessels of the LORD's house, and all that is carried away , from  into this place.

 Nevertheless hear thou now this word that I speak in thine ears, and in the ears of all the people;

 The prophets that have been before me and before thee of old prophesied both against many countries, and against great kingdoms, of war, and of evil, and of pestilence.

 The  which prophesieth of peace, when the word of the  shall come to pass, then shall the  be known, that the LORD hath truly sent him.

 Then  the  took the  from off the  Jeremiah's , and brake it.

 And  spake in the presence of all the people, saying, Thus saith the LORD; Even so will I break the  of   of  from the  of all nations within the space of two full years. And the   went his way.

 Then the word of the LORD came unto  the , after that  the  had broken the  from off the  of the  , saying,

 Go and tell , saying, Thus saith the LORD; Thou hast broken the yokes of ; but thou shalt make for them yokes of .

 For thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of ; I have put a  of  upon the  of all these nations, that they may serve   of ; and they shall serve him: and I have given him the beasts of the field also.

 Then said the   unto  the , Hear now, ; The LORD hath not sent thee; but thou makest this people to trust in a lie.

 Therefore thus saith the LORD; Behold, I will cast thee from off the face of the earth: this year thou shalt die, because thou hast taught rebellion against the LORD.

 So  the  died the same year in the seventh month.
