King James Version: Jeremiah: Jeremiah Chapter
King James Version: Jeremiah Chapter
Against  thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of ; Woe unto ! for it is spoiled: Kiriathaim is confounded and taken:  is confounded and dismayed.

 There shall be no more praise of : in  they have devised evil against it; come, and let us cut it off from being a nation. Also thou shalt be cut down, O ; the  shall pursue thee.

 A voice of crying shall be from , spoiling and great .

  is destroyed; her little ones have caused a cry to be heard.

 For in the going up of  continual weeping shall go up; for in the going down of  the enemies have heard a cry of .

 Flee, save your lives, and be like the  in the .

 For because thou hast trusted in thy works and in thy treasures, thou shalt also be taken: and  shall go forth into  with his priests and his princes together.

 And the spoiler shall come upon every city, and no city shall escape: the  also shall perish, and the  shall be destroyed, as the LORD hath spoken.

 Give wings unto , that it may flee and get away: for the cities thereof shall be desolate, without any to dwell therein.

 Cursed be he that doeth the work of the LORD deceitfully, and cursed be he that keepeth back his  from .

  hath been at ease from his youth, and he hath settled on his , and hath not been emptied from vessel to vessel, neither hath he gone into : therefore his taste remained in him, and his scent is not changed.

 Therefore, behold, the days come, saith the LORD, that I will send unto him wanderers, that shall cause him to wander, and shall empty his vessels, and break their bottles.

 And  shall be ashamed of , as the house of  was ashamed of  their confidence.

 How say ye, We are mighty and strong men for the war?

  is spoiled, and gone up out of her cities, and his  young men are gone down to the slaughter, saith the , whose name is the LORD of hosts.

 The calamity of  is near to come, and his affliction hasteth .

 All ye that are about him, bemoan him; and all ye that know his name, say, How is the strong staff broken, and the beautiful rod!

 Thou daughter that dost inhabit , come down from thy , and sit in thirst; for the spoiler of  shall come upon thee, and he shall destroy thy strong holds.

 O inhabitant of , stand by the way, and espy; ask him that fleeth, and her that escapeth, and say, What is done?

  is confounded; for it is broken down: howl and cry; tell ye it in , that  is spoiled,

 And judgment is come upon the  country; upon Holon, and upon Jahazah, and upon ,

 And upon , and upon , and upon Bethdiblathaim,

 And upon Kiriathaim, and upon Bethgamul, and upon Bethmeon,

 And upon , and upon , and upon all the cities of the land of , far or near.

 The  of  is cut off, and his arm is broken, saith the LORD.

 Make ye him drunken: for he magnified himself against the LORD:  also shall wallow in his vomit, and he also shall be in derision.

 For was not  a derision unto thee? was he found among thieves?  for since thou spakest of him, thou skippedst for joy.

 O ye that dwell in , leave the cities, and dwell in the , and be like the  that maketh her nest in the sides of the hole's mouth.

 We have heard the pride of , (he is exceeding proud) his loftiness, and his arrogancy, and his pride, and the haughtiness of his heart.

 I know his wrath, saith the LORD; but it shall not be so; his lies shall not so effect it.

 Therefore will I howl for , and I will cry out for all ; mine heart shall  for the men of Kirheres.

 O  of , I will weep for thee with the weeping of Jazer: thy plants are gone over the sea, they reach even to the sea of Jazer: the spoiler is fallen upon thy summer fruits and upon thy vintage.

 And joy and gladness is taken from the plentiful field, and from the land of , and I have caused  to fail from the winepresses: none shall tread with shouting; their shouting shall be no shouting.

 From the cry of  even unto , and even unto , have they uttered their voice, from  even unto , as an  of three years old: for the waters also of Nimrim shall be desolate.

 Moreover I will cause to cease in , saith the LORD, him that offereth in the high places, and him that burneth  to his gods.

 Therefore mine heart shall sound for  like pipes, and mine heart shall sound like pipes for the men of Kirheres: because the riches that he hath gotten are perished.

 For every head shall be bald, and every  clipped: upon all the hands shall be cuttings, and upon the loins .

 There shall be  generally upon all the housetops of , and in the streets thereof: for I have broken  like a vessel wherein is no pleasure, saith the LORD.

 They shall howl, saying, How is it broken down! how hath  turned the back with shame! so shall  be a derision and a dismaying to all them about him.

 For thus saith the LORD; Behold, he shall  as an , and shall spread his wings over .

  is taken, and the strong holds are surprised, and the mighty men's hearts in  at that day shall be as the heart of a woman in her pangs.

 And  shall be destroyed from being a people, because he hath magnified himself against the LORD.

 Fear, and the , and the , shall be upon thee, O inhabitant of , saith the LORD.

 He that fleeth from the fear shall fall into the ; and he that getteth up out of the  shall be taken in the : for I will bring upon it, even upon , the year of their visitation, saith the LORD.

 They that fled stood under the  of  because of the force: but a fire shall come forth out of , and a flame from the midst of , and shall devour the corner of , and the  of the head of the tumultuous ones.

 Woe be unto thee, O ! the people of  perisheth: for thy sons are taken captives, and thy daughters captives.

 Yet will I bring again the  of  in the latter days, saith the LORD. Thus far is the judgment of .
