King James Version: Jeremiah: Jeremiah Chapter
King James Version: Jeremiah Chapter
In the ninth year of   of , in the tenth month, came   of  and all his army against , and they besieged it.

 And in the eleventh year of , in the fourth month, the ninth day of the month, the city was broken up.

 And all the princes of the  of  came in, and sat in the middle , even Nergalsharezer, Samgarnebo, Sarsechim, , Nergalsharezer, , with all the residue of the princes of the  of .

 And it came to pass, that when  the  of  saw them, and all the men of war, then they fled, and went forth out of the city by night, by the way of the king's garden, by the  betwixt the two walls: and he went out the way of the .

 But the Chaldeans' army pursued after them, and overtook  in the plains of : and when they had taken him, they brought him up to   of  to  in the land of , where he gave judgment upon him.

 Then the  of  slew the sons of  in  before his eyes: also the  of  slew all the nobles of .

 Moreover he put out Zedekiah's eyes, and bound him with chains, to carry him to .

 And the Chaldeans burned the king's house, and the houses of the people, with fire, and brake down the walls of .

 Then  the captain of the  carried away  into  the remnant of the people that remained in the city, and those that fell away, that fell to him, with the rest of the people that remained.

 But  the captain of the  left of the  of the people, which had nothing, in the land of , and gave them vineyards and fields at the same time.

 Now   of  gave charge concerning  to  the captain of the , saying,

 Take him, and look well to him, and do him no harm; but do unto him even as he shall say unto thee.

 So  the captain of the  sent, and , , and Nergalsharezer, , and all the  of Babylon's princes;

 Even they sent, and took  out of the court of the , and committed him unto  the son of  the son of , that he should carry him home: so he dwelt among the people.

 Now the word of the LORD came unto , while he was shut up in the court of the , saying,

 Go and speak to Ebedmelech the Ethiopian, saying, Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of ; Behold, I will bring my words upon this city for evil, and not for good; and they shall be accomplished in that day before thee.

 But I will deliver thee in that day, saith the LORD: and thou shalt not be given into the hand of the men of whom thou art afraid.

 For I will surely deliver thee, and thou shalt not fall by the , but thy life shall be for a prey unto thee: because thou hast put thy trust in me, saith the LORD.
