King James Version: Jeremiah: Jeremiah Chapter
King James Version: Jeremiah Chapter
The word that came to  from the LORD, after that  the captain of the  had let him go from , when he had taken him being bound in chains among all that were carried away  of  and , which were carried away  unto .

 And the captain of the  took , and said unto him, The LORD thy God hath pronounced this evil upon this place.

 Now the LORD hath brought it, and done according as he hath said: because ye have sinned against the LORD, and have not obeyed his voice, therefore this thing is come upon you.

 And now, behold, I loose thee this day from the chains which were upon thine hand. If it seem good unto thee to come with me into , come; and I will look well unto thee: but if it seem ill unto thee to come with me into , forbear: behold, all the land is before thee: whither it seemeth good and convenient for thee to go, thither go.

 Now while he was not yet gone back, he said, Go back also to  the son of  the son of , whom the  of  hath made governor over the cities of , and dwell with him among the people: or go wheresoever it seemeth convenient unto thee to go. So the captain of the  gave him victuals and a reward, and let him go.

 Then went  unto  the son of  to ; and dwelt with him among the people that were left in the land.

 Now when all the captains of the  which were in the fields, even they and their men, heard that the  of  had made  the son of  governor in the land, and had committed unto him men, and women, and children, and of the  of the land, of them that were not carried away  to ;

 Then they came to  to , even  the son of , and  and  the sons of , and  the son of , and the sons of Ephai the Netophathite, and Jezaniah the son of a Maachathite, they and their men.

 And  the son of  the son of  sware unto them and to their men, saying, Fear not to serve the Chaldeans: dwell in the land, and serve the  of , and it shall be well with you.

 As for me, behold, I will dwell at , to serve the Chaldeans, which will come unto us: but ye, gather ye , and summer fruits, and oil, and put them in your vessels, and dwell in your cities that ye have taken.

 Likewise when all the Jews that were in , and among the Ammonites, and in , and that were in all the countries, heard that the  of  had left a remnant of , and that he had set over them  the son of  the son of ;

 Even all the Jews returned out of all places whither they were driven, and came to the land of , to , unto , and gathered  and summer fruits very much.

 Moreover  the son of , and all the captains of the  that were in the fields, came to  to ,

 And said unto him, Dost thou certainly know that  the  of the Ammonites hath sent  the son of  to slay thee? But  the son of  believed them not.

 Then  the son of  spake to  in  secretly saying, Let me go, I pray thee, and I will slay  the son of , and no man shall know it: wherefore should he slay thee, that all the Jews which are gathered unto thee should be scattered, and the remnant in  perish?

 But  the son of  said unto  the son of , Thou shalt not do this thing: for thou speakest falsely of .
