King James Version: Jeremiah: Jeremiah Chapter
King James Version: Jeremiah Chapter
The word that came to  concerning all the Jews which dwell in the land of , which dwell at , and at Tahpanhes, and at , and in the country of , saying,

 Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of ; Ye have seen all the evil that I have brought upon , and upon all the cities of ; and, behold, this day they are a desolation, and no man dwelleth therein,

 Because of their wickedness which they have committed to provoke me to , in that they went to burn , and to serve other gods, whom they knew not, neither they, ye, nor your fathers.

 Howbeit I sent unto you all my servants the prophets, rising early and sending them, saying, Oh, do not this abominable thing that I hate.

 But they hearkened not, nor inclined their  to turn from their wickedness, to burn no  unto other gods.

 Wherefore my  and mine  was poured forth, and was kindled in the cities of  and in the streets of ; and they are wasted and desolate, as at this day.

 Therefore now thus saith the LORD, the God of hosts, the God of ; Wherefore commit ye this great evil against your souls, to cut off from you man and woman, child and suckling, out of , to leave you none to remain;

 In that ye provoke me unto wrath with the works of your hands, burning  unto other gods in the land of , whither ye be gone to dwell, that ye might cut yourselves off, and that ye might be a  and a reproach among all the nations of the earth?

 Have ye forgotten the wickedness of your fathers, and the wickedness of the kings of , and the wickedness of their wives, and your own wickedness, and the wickedness of your wives, which they have committed in the land of , and in the streets of ?

 They are not humbled even unto this day, neither have they feared, nor walked in my law, nor in my statutes, that I set before you and before your fathers.

 Therefore thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of ; Behold, I will set my face against you for evil, and to cut off all .

 And I will take the remnant of , that have set their faces to go into the land of  to sojourn there, and they shall all be consumed, and fall in the land of ; they shall even be consumed by the  and by the : they shall die, from the least even unto the greatest, by the  and by the : and they shall be an execration, and an astonishment, and a , and a reproach.

 For I will punish them that dwell in the land of , as I have punished , by the , by the , and by the pestilence:

 So that none of the remnant of , which are gone into the land of  to sojourn there, shall escape or remain, that they should return into the land of , to the which they have a desire to return to dwell there: for none shall return but such as shall escape.

 Then all the men which knew that their wives had burned  unto other gods, and all the women that stood by, a great multitude, even all the people that dwelt in the land of , in , answered , saying,

 As for the word that thou hast spoken unto us in the name of the LORD, we will not hearken unto thee.

 But we will certainly do whatsoever thing goeth forth out of our own mouth, to burn  unto the  of , and to pour out  offerings unto her, as we have done, we, and our fathers, our kings, and our princes, in the cities of , and in the streets of : for then had we plenty of victuals, and were well, and saw no evil.

 But since we left off to burn  to the  of , and to pour out  offerings unto her, we have wanted all things, and have been consumed by the  and by the .

 And when we burned  to the  of , and poured out  offerings unto her, did we make her cakes to  her, and pour out  offerings unto her, without our men?

 Then  said unto all the people, to the men, and to the women, and to all the people which had given him that answer, saying,

 The  that ye burned in the cities of , and in the streets of , ye, and your fathers, your kings, and your princes, and the people of the land, did not the LORD remember them, and came it not into his mind?

 So that the LORD could no longer bear, because of the evil of your doings, and because of the abominations which ye have committed; therefore is your land a desolation, and an astonishment, and a , without an inhabitant, as at this day.

 Because ye have burned , and because ye have sinned against the LORD, and have not obeyed the voice of the LORD, nor walked in his law, nor in his statutes, nor in his testimonies; therefore this evil is happened unto you, as at this day.

 Moreover  said unto all the people, and to all the women, Hear the word of the LORD, all  that are in the land of :

 Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of , saying; Ye and your wives have both spoken with your mouths, and fulfilled with your hand, saying, We will surely perform our  that we have vowed, to burn  to the  of , and to pour out  offerings unto her: ye will surely accomplish your , and surely perform your .

 Therefore hear ye the word of the LORD, all  that dwell in the land of ; Behold, I have sworn by my great name, saith the LORD, that my name shall no more be named in the mouth of any man of  in all the land of , saying, The Lord GOD liveth.

 Behold, I will watch over them for evil, and not for good: and all the men of  that are in the land of  shall be consumed by the  and by the , until there be an end of them.

 Yet a small number that escape the  shall return out of the land of  into the land of , and all the remnant of , that are gone into the land of  to sojourn there, shall know whose words shall stand, mine, or their's.

 And this shall be a sign unto you, saith the LORD, that I will punish you in this place, that ye may know that my words shall surely stand against you for evil:

 Thus saith the LORD; Behold, I will give Pharaohhophra  of  into the hand of his enemies, and into the hand of them that seek his life; as I gave   of  into the hand of   of , his enemy, and that sought his life.
