King James Version: Jeremiah: Jeremiah Chapter
King James Version: Jeremiah Chapter
Concerning the Ammonites, thus saith the LORD; Hath  no sons?  hath he no ? why then doth their  inherit , and his people dwell in his cities?

 Therefore, behold, the days come, saith the LORD, that I will cause an  of war to be heard in  of the Ammonites; and it shall be a desolate , and her daughters shall be burned with fire: then shall  be  unto them that were his heirs, saith the LORD.

 Howl, O , for  is spoiled: cry, ye daughters of , gird you with ; lament, and run to and fro by the hedges; for their  shall go into , and his priests and his princes together.

 Wherefore gloriest thou in the valleys, thy flowing , O backsliding daughter? that trusted in her treasures, saying, Who shall come unto me?

 Behold, I will bring a fear upon thee, saith the Lord GOD of hosts, from all those that be about thee; and ye shall be driven out every man right forth; and none shall gather up him that wandereth.

 And afterward I will bring again the  of the children of , saith the LORD.

 Concerning , thus saith the LORD of hosts; Is wisdom no more in ? is counsel perished from the prudent? is their wisdom vanished?

 Flee ye, turn back, dwell , O inhabitants of ; for I will bring the calamity of  upon him, the time that I will visit him.

 If grapegatherers come to thee, would they not leave some gleaning grapes? if thieves by night, they will destroy till they have enough.

 But I have made  bare, I have uncovered his secret places, and he shall not be able to hide himself: his seed is spoiled, and his brethren, and his neighbours, and he is not.

 Leave thy fatherless children, I will preserve them alive; and let thy  trust in me.

 For thus saith the LORD; Behold, they whose judgment was not to  of the  have assuredly drunken; and art thou he that shall altogether go unpunished? thou shalt not go unpunished, but thou shalt surely  of it.

 For I have sworn by myself, saith the LORD, that  shall become a desolation, a reproach, a waste, and a ; and all the cities thereof shall be perpetual wastes.

 I have heard a rumour from the LORD, and an  is sent unto the , saying, Gather ye together, and come against her, and rise up to the battle.

 For, lo, I will make thee small among the , and despised among men.

 Thy terribleness hath deceived thee, and the pride of thine heart, O thou that dwellest in the clefts of the , that holdest the height of the hill: though thou shouldest make thy nest as high as the , I will bring thee down from thence, saith the LORD.

 Also  shall be a desolation: every one that goeth by it shall be astonished, and shall  at all the plagues thereof.

 As in the overthrow of  and  and the neighbour cities thereof, saith the LORD, no man shall abide there, neither shall a son of man dwell in it.

 Behold, he shall come up like a lion from the  of  against the  of the strong: but I will suddenly make him run away from her: and who is a  man, that I may appoint over her? for who is like me? and who will appoint me the time? and who is that  that will stand before me?

 Therefore hear the counsel of the LORD, that he hath taken against ; and his purposes, that he hath purposed against the inhabitants of : Surely the least of the flock shall draw them out: surely he shall make their habitations desolate with them.

 The earth is moved at the noise of their fall, at the cry the noise thereof was heard in the Red sea.

 Behold, he shall come up and  as the , and spread his wings over : and at that day shall the heart of the mighty men of  be as the heart of a woman in her pangs.

 Concerning .  is confounded, and : for they have heard evil tidings: they are fainthearted; there is sorrow on the sea; it cannot be quiet.

  is waxed feeble, and turneth herself to flee, and fear hath seized on her: anguish and sorrows have taken her, as a woman in travail.

 How is the city of praise not left, the city of my joy!

 Therefore her young men shall fall in her streets, and all the men of war shall be cut off in that day, saith the LORD of hosts.

 And I will kindle a fire in the wall of , and it shall consume the palaces of Benhadad.

 Concerning , and concerning the kingdoms of , which   of  shall smite, thus saith the LORD; Arise ye, go up to , and spoil the men of the .

 Their tents and their flocks shall they take away: they shall take to themselves their curtains, and all their vessels, and their camels; and they shall cry unto them, Fear is on every side.

 Flee, get you far off, dwell , O ye inhabitants of , saith the LORD; for   of  hath taken counsel against you, and hath conceived a purpose against you.

 Arise, get you up unto the wealthy nation, that dwelleth without care, saith the LORD, which have neither gates nor bars, which dwell alone.

 And their camels shall be a , and the multitude of their  a spoil: and I will scatter into all  them that are in the utmost corners; and I will bring their calamity from all sides thereof, saith the LORD.

 And  shall be a dwelling for dragons, and a desolation for ever: there shall no man abide there, nor any son of man dwell in it.

 The word of the LORD that came to  the  against  in the beginning of the reign of   of , saying,

 Thus saith the LORD of hosts; Behold, I will break the  of , the chief of their might.

 And upon  will I bring the four  from the four quarters of , and will scatter them toward all those ; and there shall be no nation whither the outcasts of  shall not come.

 For I will cause  to be dismayed before their enemies, and before them that seek their life: and I will bring evil upon them, even my fierce , saith the LORD; and I will send the  after them, till I have consumed them:

 And I will set my  in , and will destroy from thence the  and the princes, saith the LORD.

 But it shall come to pass in the latter days, that I will bring again the  of , saith the LORD.
