King James Version: Jeremiah: Jeremiah Chapter
King James Version: Jeremiah Chapter
The word which came unto  from the LORD, when   of , and all his army, and all the kingdoms of the earth of his dominion, and all the people, fought against , and against all the cities thereof, saying,

 Thus saith the LORD, the God of ; Go and speak to   of , and tell him, Thus saith the LORD; Behold, I will give this city into the hand of the  of , and he shall burn it with fire:

 And thou shalt not escape out of his hand, but shalt surely be taken, and delivered into his hand; and thine eyes shall behold the eyes of the  of , and he shall speak with thee mouth to mouth, and thou shalt go to .

 Yet hear the word of the LORD, O   of ; Thus saith the LORD of thee, Thou shalt not die by the :

 But thou shalt die in peace: and with the burnings of thy fathers, the former kings which were before thee, so shall they burn odours for thee; and they will lament thee, saying, Ah lord! for I have pronounced the word, saith the LORD.

 Then  the  spake all these words unto   of  in ,

 When the  of Babylon's army fought against , and against all the cities of  that were left, against , and against : for these defenced cities remained of the cities of .

 This is the word that came unto  from the LORD, after that the   had made a  with all the people which were at , to proclaim liberty unto them;

 That every man should let his manservant, and every man his maidservant, being an  or an Hebrewess, go free; that none should serve himself of them, to wit, of a  his brother.

 Now when all the princes, and all the people, which had entered into the , heard that every one should let his manservant, and every one his maidservant, go free, that none should serve themselves of them any more, then they obeyed, and let them go.

 But afterward they turned, and caused the servants and the handmaids, whom they had let go free, to return, and brought them into subjection for servants and for handmaids.

 Therefore the word of the LORD came to  from the LORD, saying,

 Thus saith the LORD, the God of ; I made a  with your fathers in the day that I brought them forth out of the land of , out of the house of bondmen, saying,

 At the end of  years let ye go every man his brother an , which hath been sold unto thee; and when he hath served thee six years, thou shalt let him go free from thee: but your fathers hearkened not unto me, neither inclined their .

 And ye were now turned, and had done right in my sight, in proclaiming liberty every man to his neighbour; and ye had made a  before me in the house which is called by my name:

 But ye turned and polluted my name, and caused every man his servant, and every man his , whom he had set at liberty at their pleasure, to return, and brought them into subjection, to be unto you for servants and for handmaids.

 Therefore thus saith the LORD; Ye have not hearkened unto me, in proclaiming liberty, every one to his brother, and every man to his neighbour: behold, I proclaim a liberty for you, saith the LORD, to the , to the pestilence, and to the ; and I will make you to be removed into all the kingdoms of the earth.

 And I will give the men that have transgressed my , which have not performed the words of the  which they had made before me, when they cut the  in twain, and passed between the parts thereof,

 The princes of , and the princes of , the eunuchs, and the priests, and all the people of the land, which passed between the parts of the ;

 I will even give them into the hand of their enemies, and into the hand of them that seek their life: and their dead bodies shall be for meat unto the fowls of the , and to the beasts of the earth.

 And   of  and his princes will I give into the hand of their enemies, and into the hand of them that seek their life, and into the hand of the  of Babylon's army, which are gone up from you.

 Behold, I will command, saith the LORD, and cause them to return to this city; and they shall fight against it, and take it, and burn it with fire: and I will make the cities of  a desolation without an inhabitant.
