King James Version: Jeremiah: Jeremiah Chapter
King James Version: Jeremiah Chapter
And   the son of  reigned instead of Coniah the son of , whom   of  made  in the land of .

 But neither he, nor his servants, nor the people of the land, did hearken unto the words of the LORD, which he spake by the  .

 And  the  sent  the son of  and  the son of  the  to the  , saying, Pray now unto the LORD our God for us.

 Now  came in and went out among the people: for they had not put him into .

 Then Pharaoh's army was come forth out of : and when the Chaldeans that besieged  heard tidings of them, they departed from .

 Then came the word of the LORD unto the   saying,

 Thus saith the LORD, the God of ; Thus shall ye say to the  of , that sent you unto me to enquire of me; Behold, Pharaoh's army, which is come forth to help you, shall return to  into their own land.

 And the Chaldeans shall come again, and fight against this city, and take it, and burn it with fire.

 Thus saith the LORD; Deceive not yourselves, saying, The Chaldeans shall surely depart from us: for they shall not depart.

 For though ye had smitten the whole army of the Chaldeans that fight against you, and there remained but wounded men among them, yet should they rise up every man in his , and burn this city with fire.

 And it came to pass, that when the army of the Chaldeans was broken up from  for fear of Pharaoh's army,

 Then  went forth out of  to go into the land of , to separate himself thence in the midst of the people.

 And when he was in the  of , a captain of the  was there, whose name was Irijah, the son of , the son of ; and he took  the , saying, Thou fallest away to the Chaldeans.

 Then said , It is false; I fall not away to the Chaldeans. But he hearkened not to him: so Irijah took , and brought him to the princes.

 Wherefore the princes were wroth with , and smote him, and put him in  in the house of  the scribe: for they had made that the .

 When  was entered into the , and into the , and  had remained there many days;

 Then  the  sent, and took him out: and the  asked him secretly in his house, and said, Is there any word from the LORD? And  said, There is: for, said he, thou shalt be delivered into the hand of the  of .

 Moreover  said unto  , What have I offended against thee, or against thy servants, or against this people, that ye have put me in ?

 Where are now your prophets which prophesied unto you, saying, The  of  shall not come against you, nor against this land?

 Therefore hear now, I pray thee, O my lord the : let my supplication, I pray thee, be accepted before thee; that thou cause me not to return to the house of  the scribe, lest I die there.

 Then  the  commanded that they should commit  into the court of the , and that they should give him daily a piece of  out of the bakers' street, until all the  in the city were spent. Thus  remained in the court of the .
