King James Version: Jeremiah: Jeremiah Chapter
King James Version: Jeremiah Chapter
If thou wilt return, O , saith the LORD, return unto me: and if thou wilt put away thine abominations out of my sight, then shalt thou not remove.

 And thou shalt swear, The LORD liveth, in truth, in judgment, and in ; and the nations shall  themselves in him, and in him shall they .

 For thus saith the LORD to the men of  and , Break up your fallow ground, and sow not among thorns.

 Circumcise yourselves to the LORD, and take away the foreskins of your heart, ye men of  and inhabitants of : lest my  come forth like fire, and burn that none can quench it, because of the evil of your doings.

 Declare ye in , and publish in ; and say, Blow ye the trumpet in the land: cry, gather together, and say, Assemble yourselves, and let us go into the defenced cities.

 Set up the standard toward : retire, stay not: for I will bring evil from the north, and a great .

 The lion is come up from his thicket, and the  of the  is on his way; he is gone forth from his place to make thy land desolate; and thy cities shall be laid waste, without an inhabitant.

 For this gird you with , lament and howl: for the fierce  of the LORD is not turned back from us.

 And it shall come to pass at that day, saith the LORD, that the heart of the  shall perish, and the heart of the princes; and the priests shall be astonished, and the prophets shall wonder.

 Then said I, Ah, Lord GOD! surely thou hast greatly deceived this people and , saying, Ye shall have peace; whereas the  reacheth unto the soul.

 At that time shall it be said to this people and to , A dry wind of the high places in the  toward the daughter of my people, not to , nor to cleanse,

 Even a full wind from those places shall come unto me: now also will I give sentence against them.

 Behold, he shall come up as clouds, and his chariots shall be as a whirlwind: his horses are swifter than eagles. Woe unto us! for we are spoiled.

 O , wash thine heart from wickedness, that thou mayest be saved. How long shall thy vain thoughts  within thee?

 For a voice declareth from , and publisheth affliction from  .

 Make ye mention to the nations; behold, publish against , that watchers come from a far country, and give out their voice against the cities of .

 As keepers of a field, are they against her round about; because she hath been rebellious against me, saith the LORD.

 Thy way and thy doings have procured these things unto thee; this is thy wickedness, because it is , because it reacheth unto thine heart.

 My , my ! I am pained at my very heart; my heart maketh a noise in me; I cannot hold my peace, because thou hast heard, O my soul, the sound of the trumpet, the  of war.

  upon  is cried; for the whole land is spoiled: suddenly are my tents spoiled, and my curtains in a moment.

 How long shall I see the standard, and hear the sound of the trumpet?

 For my people is foolish, they have not known me; they are sottish children, and they have none understanding: they are  to do evil, but to do good they have no knowledge.

 I beheld the earth, and, lo, it was without form, and void; and the heavens, and they had no light.

 I beheld the mountains, and, lo, they trembled, and all the hills moved lightly.

 I beheld, and, lo, there was no man, and all the birds of the heavens were fled.

 I beheld, and, lo, the fruitful place was a , and all the cities thereof were broken down at the presence of the LORD, and by his fierce .

 For thus hath the LORD said, The whole land shall be desolate; yet will I not make a full end.

 For this shall the earth , and the heavens above be black; because I have spoken it, I have purposed it, and will not repent, neither will I turn back from it.

 The whole city shall flee for the noise of the horsemen and bowmen; they shall go into thickets, and climb up upon the rocks: every city shall be forsaken, and not a man dwell therein.

 And when thou art spoiled, what wilt thou do? Though thou clothest thyself with , though thou deckest thee with ornaments of , though thou rentest thy face with painting, in vain shalt thou make thyself fair; thy lovers will despise thee, they will seek thy life.

 For I have heard a voice as of a woman in travail, and the anguish as of her that bringeth forth her first child, the voice of the daughter of , that bewaileth herself, that spreadeth her hands, saying, Woe is me now! for my soul is wearied because of murderers.
