King James Version: Jeremiah: Jeremiah Chapter
King James Version: Jeremiah Chapter
Now it came to pass in the seventh month, that  the son of  the son of , of the seed royal, and the princes of the , even ten men with him, came unto  the son of  to ; and there they did eat  together in .

 Then arose  the son of , and the ten men that were with him, and smote  the son of  the son of  with the , and slew him, whom the  of  had made governor over the land.

  also slew all the Jews that were with him, even with , at , and the Chaldeans that were found there, and the men of war.

 And it came to pass the second day after he had slain , and no man knew it,

 That there came certain from , from , and from , even fourscore men, having their beards shaven, and their clothes , and having cut themselves, with offerings and  in their hand, to bring them to the house of the LORD.

 And  the son of  went forth from  to meet them, weeping all along as he went: and it came to pass, as he met them, he said unto them, Come to  the son of .

 And it was so, when they came into the midst of the city, that  the son of  slew them, and cast them into the midst of the , he, and the men that were with him.

 But ten men were found among them that said unto , Slay us not: for we have treasures in the field, of , and of , and of oil, and of . So he forbare, and slew them not among their brethren.

 Now the  wherein  had cast all the dead bodies of the men, whom he had slain because of , was it which  the  had made for fear of   of : and  the son of  filled it with them that were slain.

 Then  carried away  all the residue of the people that were in , even the king's daughters, and all the people that remained in , whom  the captain of the  had committed to  the son of : and  the son of  carried them away , and departed to go over to the Ammonites.

 But when  the son of , and all the captains of the  that were with him, heard of all the evil that  the son of  had done,

 Then they took all the men, and went to fight with  the son of , and found him by the great waters that are in .

 Now it came to pass, that when all the people which were with  saw  the son of , and all the captains of the  that were with him, then they were glad.

 So all the people that  had carried away  from  cast about and returned, and went unto  the son of .

 But  the son of  escaped from  with eight men, and went to the Ammonites.

 Then took  the son of , and all the captains of the  that were with him, all the remnant of the people whom he had recovered from  the son of , from , after that he had slain  the son of , even mighty men of war, and the women, and the children, and the eunuchs, whom he had brought again from :

 And they departed, and dwelt in the  of , which is by , to go to enter into ,

 Because of the Chaldeans: for they were afraid of them, because  the son of  had slain  the son of , whom the  of  made governor in the land.
