King James Version: Jeremiah: Jeremiah Chapter
King James Version: Jeremiah Chapter
Woe be unto the pastors that destroy and scatter the  of my pasture! saith the LORD.

 Therefore thus saith the LORD God of  against the pastors that feed my people; Ye have scattered my flock, and driven them away, and have not visited them: behold, I will visit upon you the evil of your doings, saith the LORD.

 And I will gather the remnant of my flock out of all countries whither I have driven them, and will bring them again to their folds; and they shall be fruitful and increase.

 And I will set up shepherds over them which shall feed them: and they shall fear no more, nor be dismayed, neither shall they be lacking, saith the LORD.

 Behold, the days come, saith the LORD, that I will raise unto  a righteous , and a  shall reign and prosper, and shall execute judgment and  in the earth.

 In his days  shall be saved, and  shall dwell safely: and this is his name whereby he shall be called, THE LORD OUR .

 Therefore, behold, the days come, saith the LORD, that they shall no more say, The LORD liveth, which brought up the children of  out of the land of ;

 But, The LORD liveth, which brought up and which led the seed of the house of  out of the north country, and from all countries whither I had driven them; and they shall dwell in their own land.

 Mine heart within me is broken because of the prophets; all my bones shake; I am like a drunken man, and like a man whom  hath overcome, because of the LORD, and because of the words of his .

 For the land is full of adulterers; for because of swearing the land mourneth; the pleasant places of the  are dried up, and their course is evil, and their force is not right.

 For both  and  are profane; yea, in my house have I found their wickedness, saith the LORD.

 Wherefore their way shall be unto them as slippery ways in the : they shall be driven on, and fall therein: for I will bring evil upon them, even the year of their visitation, saith the LORD.

 And I have seen folly in the prophets of ; they prophesied in , and caused my people  to err.

 I have seen also in the prophets of  an horrible thing: they commit , and walk in lies: they strengthen also the hands of evildoers, that none doth return from his wickedness; they are all of them unto me as , and the inhabitants thereof as .

 Therefore thus saith the LORD of hosts concerning the prophets; Behold, I will feed them with , and make them  the water of : for from the prophets of  is profaneness gone forth into all the land.

 Thus saith the LORD of hosts, Hearken not unto the words of the prophets that prophesy unto you: they make you vain: they speak a  of their own heart, and not out of the mouth of the LORD.

 They say still unto them that despise me, The LORD hath said, Ye shall have peace; and they say unto every one that walketh after the imagination of his own heart, No evil shall come upon you.

 For who hath stood in the counsel of the LORD, and hath perceived and heard his word? who hath marked his word, and heard it?

 Behold, a whirlwind of the LORD is gone forth in , even a grievous whirlwind: it shall fall grievously upon the head of the wicked.

 The  of the LORD shall not return, until he have executed, and till he have performed the thoughts of his heart: in the latter days ye shall consider it perfectly.

 I have not sent these prophets, yet they ran: I have not spoken to them, yet they prophesied.

 But if they had stood in my counsel, and had caused my people to hear my words, then they should have turned them from their evil way, and from the evil of their doings.

 Am I a God at hand, saith the LORD, and not a God afar off?

 Can any hide himself in secret places that I shall not see him? saith the LORD. Do not I fill  and earth? saith the LORD.

 I have heard what the prophets said, that prophesy lies in my name, saying, I have dreamed, I have dreamed.

 How long shall this be in the heart of the prophets that prophesy lies? yea, they are prophets of the deceit of their own heart;

 Which think to cause my people to forget my name by their dreams which they tell every man to his neighbour, as their fathers have forgotten my name for .

 The  that hath a , let him tell a ; and he that hath my word, let him speak my word faithfully. What is the  to the ? saith the LORD.

 Is not my word like as a fire? saith the LORD; and like a  that breaketh the  in ?

 Therefore, behold, I am against the prophets, saith the LORD, that steal my words every one from his neighbour.

 Behold, I am against the prophets, saith the LORD, that use their tongues, and say, He saith.

 Behold, I am against them that prophesy false dreams, saith the LORD, and do tell them, and cause my people to err by their lies, and by their lightness; yet I sent them not, nor commanded them: therefore they shall not profit this people at all, saith the LORD.

 And when this people, or the , or a , shall ask thee, saying, What is the  of the LORD? thou shalt then say unto them, What ? I will even forsake you, saith the LORD.

 And as for the , and the , and the people, that shall say, The  of the LORD, I will even punish that man and his house.

 Thus shall ye say every one to his neighbour, and every one to his brother, What hath the LORD answered? and, What hath the LORD spoken?

 And the  of the LORD shall ye mention no more: for every man's word shall be his ; for ye have perverted the words of the living God, of the LORD of hosts our God.

 Thus shalt thou say to the , What hath the LORD answered thee? and, What hath the LORD spoken?

 But since ye say, The  of the LORD; therefore thus saith the LORD; Because ye say this word, The  of the LORD, and I have sent unto you, saying, Ye shall not say, The  of the LORD;

 Therefore, behold, I, even I, will utterly forget you, and I will forsake you, and the city that I gave you and your fathers, and cast you out of my presence:

 And I will bring an  reproach upon you, and a perpetual shame, which shall not be forgotten.
