King James Version: Jeremiah: Jeremiah Chapter
King James Version: Jeremiah Chapter
Moreover the word of the LORD came to me, saying,

 Go and cry in the ears of , saying, Thus saith the LORD; I remember thee, the kindness of thy youth, the love of thine espousals, when thou wentest after me in the , in a land that was not sown.

  was  unto the LORD, and the firstfruits of his increase: all that devour him shall offend; evil shall come upon them, saith the LORD.

 Hear ye the word of the LORD, O house of , and all the families of the house of :

 Thus saith the LORD, What iniquity have your fathers found in me, that they are gone far from me, and have walked after vanity, and are become vain?

 Neither said they, Where is the LORD that brought us up out of the land of , that led us through the , through a land of deserts and of pits, through a land of , and of the  of death, through a land that no man passed through, and where no man dwelt?

 And I brought you into a plentiful country, to eat the  thereof and the  thereof; but when ye entered, ye defiled my land, and made mine heritage an .

 The priests said not, Where is the LORD? and they that handle the law knew me not: the pastors also transgressed against me, and the prophets prophesied by , and walked after things that do not profit.

 Wherefore I will yet plead with you, saith the LORD, and with your children's children will I plead.

 For pass over the isles of , and see; and send unto , and consider diligently, and see if there be such a thing.

 Hath a nation changed their gods, which are yet no gods? but my people have changed their  for that which doth not profit.

 Be astonished, O ye heavens, at this, and be horribly afraid, be ye very desolate, saith the LORD.

 For my people have committed two evils; they have forsaken me the  of living waters, and hewed them out cisterns, broken cisterns, that can hold no water.

 Is  a servant? is he a homeborn ? why is he spoiled?

 The young  roared upon him, and yelled, and they made his land waste: his cities are burned without inhabitant.

 Also the children of  and  have broken the  of thy head.

 Hast thou not procured this unto thyself, in that thou hast forsaken the LORD thy God, when he led thee by the way?

 And now what hast thou to do in the way of , to  the waters of ? or what hast thou to do in the way of , to  the waters of the river?

 Thine own wickedness shall correct thee, and thy backslidings shall reprove thee: know therefore and see that it is an evil thing and , that thou hast forsaken the LORD thy God, and that my fear is not in thee, saith the Lord GOD of hosts.

 For of old time I have broken thy , and burst thy ; and thou saidst, I will not transgress; when upon every high hill and under every green tree thou wanderest, playing the .

 Yet I had planted thee a noble , wholly a right seed: how then art thou turned into the degenerate plant of a strange  unto me?

 For though thou wash thee with , and take thee much , yet thine iniquity is marked before me, saith the Lord GOD.

 How canst thou say, I am not polluted, I have not gone after ?  see thy way in the , know what thou hast done: thou art a swift  traversing her ways;

 A wild  used to the , that snuffeth up the wind at her pleasure; in her occasion who can turn her away? all they that seek her will not weary themselves; in her month they shall find her.

 Withhold thy foot from being unshod, and thy throat from thirst: but thou saidst, There is no hope: no; for I have loved strangers, and after them will I go.

 As the thief is ashamed when he is found, so is the house of  ashamed; they, their kings, their princes, and their priests, and their prophets.

 Saying to a stock, Thou art my father; and to a , Thou hast brought me forth: for they have turned their back unto me, and not their face: but in the time of their trouble they will say, Arise, and save us.

 But where are thy gods that thou hast made thee? let them arise, if they can save thee in the time of thy trouble: for according to the number of thy cities are thy gods, O .

 Wherefore will ye plead with me? ye all have transgressed against me, saith the LORD.

 In vain have I smitten your children; they received no correction: your own  hath devoured your prophets, like a destroying lion.

 O , see ye the word of the LORD. Have I been a  unto ? a land of ? wherefore say my people, We are lords; we will come no more unto thee?

 Can a maid forget her ornaments, or a  her attire? yet my people have forgotten me days without number.

 Why trimmest thou thy way to seek love? therefore hast thou also taught the wicked ones thy ways.

 Also in thy skirts is found the  of the souls of the  innocents: I have not found it by secret search, but upon all these.

 Yet thou sayest, Because I am innocent, surely his  shall turn from me. Behold, I will plead with thee, because thou sayest, I have not sinned.

 Why gaddest thou about so much to change thy way? thou also shalt be ashamed of , as thou wast ashamed of .

 Yea, thou shalt go forth from him, and thine hands upon thine head: for the LORD hath rejected thy confidences, and thou shalt not prosper in them.
