King James Version: Amos: Amos Chapter
King James Version: Amos Chapter
Thus saith the LORD; For three transgressions of , and for four, I will not turn away the  thereof; because he burned the bones of the  of  into :

 But I will send a fire upon , and it shall devour the palaces of Kirioth: and  shall die with tumult, with shouting, and with the sound of the trumpet:

 And I will cut off the  from the midst thereof, and will slay all the princes thereof with him, saith the LORD.

 Thus saith the LORD; For three transgressions of , and for four, I will not turn away the  thereof; because they have despised the law of the LORD, and have not kept his commandments, and their lies caused them to err, after the which their fathers have walked:

 But I will send a fire upon , and it shall devour the palaces of .

 Thus saith the LORD; For three transgressions of , and for four, I will not turn away the  thereof; because they sold the righteous for , and the  for a pair of shoes;

 That pant after the  of the earth on the head of the , and turn aside the way of the meek: and a man and his father will go in unto the same maid, to profane my holy name:

 And they lay themselves down upon clothes laid to  by every , and they  the  of the condemned in the house of their god.

 Yet destroyed I the Amorite before them, whose height was like the height of the cedars, and he was strong as the oaks; yet I destroyed his  from above, and his roots from beneath.

 Also I brought you up from the land of , and led you forty years through the , to possess the land of the Amorite.

 And I raised up of your sons for prophets, and of your young men for Nazarites. Is it not even thus, O ye children of ? saith the LORD.

 But ye gave the Nazarites  to ; and commanded the prophets, saying, Prophesy not.

 Behold, I am pressed under you, as a  is pressed that is full of sheaves.

 Therefore the flight shall perish from the swift, and the strong shall not strengthen his force, neither shall the mighty deliver himself:

 Neither shall he stand that handleth the ; and he that is swift of foot shall not deliver himself: neither shall he that rideth the horse deliver himself.

 And he that is courageous among the mighty shall flee away  in that day, saith the LORD.
