King James Version: Amos: Amos Chapter
King James Version: Amos Chapter
I saw the LORD standing upon the : and he said, Smite the  of the door, that the posts may shake: and cut them in the head, all of them; and I will slay the last of them with the : he that fleeth of them shall not flee away, and he that escapeth of them shall not be delivered.

 Though they dig into , thence shall mine hand take them; though they climb up to , thence will I bring them down:

 And though they hide themselves in the top of , I will search and take them out thence; and though they be hid from my sight in the bottom of the sea, thence will I command the , and he shall bite them:

 And though they go into  before their enemies, thence will I command the , and it shall slay them: and I will set mine eyes upon them for evil, and not for good.

 And the Lord GOD of hosts is he that toucheth the land, and it shall melt, and all that dwell therein shall : and it shall rise up wholly like a ; and shall be drowned, as by the  of .

 It is he that buildeth his stories in the , and hath founded his troop in the earth; he that calleth for the waters of the sea, and poureth them out upon the face of the earth: The LORD is his name.

 Are ye not as children of the Ethiopians unto me, O children of ? saith the LORD. Have not I brought up  out of the land of ? and the  from , and the Syrians from ?

 Behold, the eyes of the Lord GOD are upon the sinful kingdom, and I will destroy it from off the face of the earth; saving that I will not utterly destroy the house of , saith the LORD.

 For, lo, I will command, and I will sift the house of  among all nations, like as  is sifted in a sieve, yet shall not the least  fall upon the earth.

 All the sinners of my people shall die by the , which say, The evil shall not overtake nor prevent us.

 In that day will I raise up the  of  that is fallen, and close up the breaches thereof; and I will raise up his ruins, and I will build it as in the days of old:

 That they may possess the remnant of , and of all the , which are called by my name, saith the LORD that doeth this.

 Behold, the days come, saith the LORD, that the plowman shall overtake the reaper, and the treader of grapes him that soweth seed; and the mountains shall drop sweet , and all the hills shall melt.

 And I will bring again the  of my people of , and they shall build the waste cities, and inhabit them; and they shall plant vineyards, and  the  thereof; they shall also make , and eat the  of them.

 And I will plant them upon their land, and they shall no more be pulled up out of their land which I have given them, saith the LORD thy God.
