King James Version: Amos: Amos Chapter
King James Version: Amos Chapter
Thus hath the Lord GOD shewed unto me; and, behold, he formed grasshoppers in the beginning of the shooting up of the latter growth; and, lo, it was the latter growth after the king's mowings.

 And it came to pass, that when they had made an end of  the  of the land, then I said, O Lord GOD, forgive, I beseech thee: by whom shall  arise? for he is small.

 The LORD repented for this: It shall not be, saith the LORD.

 Thus hath the Lord GOD shewed unto me: and, behold, the Lord GOD called to contend by fire, and it devoured the great , and did eat up a part.

 Then said I, O Lord GOD, cease, I beseech thee: by whom shall  arise? for he is small.

 The LORD repented for this: This also shall not be, saith the Lord GOD.

 Thus he shewed me: and, behold, the LORD stood upon a wall made by a plumbline, with a plumbline in his hand.

 And the LORD said unto me, , what seest thou? And I said, A plumbline. Then said the LORD, Behold, I will set a plumbline in the midst of my people : I will not again pass by them any more:

 And the high places of  shall be desolate, and the sanctuaries of  shall be laid waste; and I will rise against the house of  with the .

 Then  the  of  sent to   of , saying,  hath conspired against thee in the midst of the house of : the land is not able to bear all his words.

 For thus  saith,  shall die by the , and  shall surely be led away  out of their own land.

 Also  said unto , O thou , go, flee thee away into the land of , and there eat , and prophesy there:

 But prophesy not again any more at : for it is the king's , and it is the king's court.

 Then answered , and said to , I was no , neither was I a prophet's son; but I was an herdman, and a gatherer of sycomore :

 And the LORD took me as I followed the flock, and the LORD said unto me, Go, prophesy unto my people .

 Now therefore hear thou the word of the LORD: Thou sayest, Prophesy not against , and drop not thy word against the house of .

 Therefore thus saith the LORD; Thy wife shall be an  in the city, and thy sons and thy daughters shall fall by the , and thy land shall be divided by line; and thou shalt die in a polluted land: and  shall surely go into  forth of his land.
