King James Version: Amos: Amos Chapter
King James Version: Amos Chapter
Hear this word, ye  of , that are in the mountain of , which oppress the , which crush the needy, which say to their masters, Bring, and let us .

 The Lord GOD hath sworn by his , that, lo, the days shall come upon you, that he will take you away with hooks, and your posterity with fishhooks.

 And ye shall go out at the breaches, every  at that which is before her; and ye shall cast them into the , saith the LORD.

 Come to , and transgress; at  multiply transgression; and bring your sacrifices every morning, and your tithes after three years:

 And offer a  of thanksgiving with , and proclaim and publish the free offerings: for this liketh you, O ye children of , saith the Lord GOD.

 And I also have given you cleanness of teeth in all your cities, and want of  in all your places: yet have ye not returned unto me, saith the LORD.

 And also I have withholden the  from you, when there were yet three months to the : and I caused it to  upon one city, and caused it not to  upon another city: one piece was rained upon, and the piece whereupon it rained not withered.

 So two or three cities wandered unto one city, to  water; but they were not satisfied: yet have ye not returned unto me, saith the LORD.

 I have smitten you with blasting and : when your  and your vineyards and your  trees and your  trees increased, the palmerworm devoured them: yet have ye not returned unto me, saith the LORD.

 I have sent among you the pestilence after the manner of : your young men have I slain with the , and have taken away your horses; and I have made the stink of your camps to come up unto your nostrils: yet have ye not returned unto me, saith the LORD.

 I have overthrown some of you, as God overthrew  and , and ye were as a  plucked out of the burning: yet have ye not returned unto me, saith the LORD.

 Therefore thus will I do unto thee, O : and because I will do this unto thee, prepare to meet thy God, O .

 For, lo, he that formeth the mountains, and createth the wind, and declareth unto man what is his thought, that maketh the morning , and treadeth upon the high places of the earth, The LORD, The God of hosts, is his name.
