King James Version: Obadiah: Obadiah Chapter
King James Version: Obadiah Chapter
The  of . Thus saith the Lord GOD concerning ; We have heard a rumour from the LORD, and an  is sent among the , Arise ye, and let us rise up against her in battle.

 Behold, I have made thee small among the : thou art greatly despised.

 The pride of thine heart hath deceived thee, thou that dwellest in the clefts of the , whose  is high; that saith in his heart, Who shall bring me down to the ground?

 Though thou exalt thyself as the , and though thou set thy nest among the , thence will I bring thee down, saith the LORD.

 If thieves came to thee, if robbers by night, (how art thou cut off!)  would they not have stolen till they had enough? if the grapegatherers came to thee, would they not leave some grapes?

 How are the things of  searched out! how are his hidden things sought up!

 All the men of thy confederacy have brought thee even to the border: the men that were at peace with thee have deceived thee, and prevailed against thee; that they eat thy  have laid a wound under thee: there is none understanding in him.

 Shall I not in that day, saith the LORD, even destroy the  men out of , and understanding out of the  of ?

 And thy mighty men, O , shall be dismayed, to the end that every one of the  of  may be cut off by slaughter.

 For thy violence against thy brother  shame shall cover thee, and thou shalt be cut off for ever.

 In the day that thou stoodest on the other side, in the day that the strangers carried away  his , and foreigners entered into his gates, and cast lots upon , even thou wast as one of them.

 But thou shouldest not have looked on the day of thy brother in the day that he became a ; neither shouldest thou have rejoiced over the children of  in the day of their ; neither shouldest thou have spoken proudly in the day of distress.

 Thou shouldest not have entered into the  of my people in the day of their calamity; yea, thou shouldest not have looked on their affliction in the day of their calamity, nor have laid hands on their substance in the day of their calamity;

 Neither shouldest thou have stood in the crossway, to cut off those of his that did escape; neither shouldest thou have delivered up those of his that did remain in the day of distress.

 For the day of the LORD is near upon all the : as thou hast done, it shall be done unto thee: thy reward shall return upon thine own head.

 For as ye have  upon my holy mountain, so shall all the   continually, yea, they shall , and they shall  down, and they shall be as though they had not been.

 But upon   shall be deliverance, and there shall be ; and the house of  shall possess their possessions.

 And the house of  shall be a fire, and the house of  a flame, and the house of  for stubble, and they shall kindle in them, and devour them; and there shall not be any remaining of the house of ; for the LORD hath spoken it.

 And they of the south shall possess the  of ; and they of the  the : and they shall possess the fields of , and the fields of : and  shall possess .

 And the  of this  of the children of  shall possess that of the , even unto ; and the  of , which is in , shall possess the cities of the south.

 And saviours shall come up on   to  the  of ; and the kingdom shall be the LORD's.
