King James Version: Ezekiel: Ezekiel Chapter
King James Version: Ezekiel Chapter
Afterward he brought me again unto the door of the house; and, behold, waters issued out from under the  of the house eastward: for the forefront of the house stood toward the , and the waters came down from under from the right side of the house, at the south side of the .

 Then brought he me out of the way of the  , and led me about the way without unto the utter  by the way that looketh eastward; and, behold, there ran out waters on the right side.

 And when the man that had the line in his hand went forth eastward, he measured a thousand cubits, and he brought me through the waters; the waters were to the ankles.

 Again he measured a thousand, and brought me through the waters; the waters were to the knees. Again he measured a thousand, and brought me through; the waters were to the loins.

 Afterward he measured a thousand; and it was a river that I could not pass over: for the waters were risen, waters to swim in, a river that could not be passed over.

 And he said unto me, Son of man, hast thou seen this? Then he brought me, and caused me to return to the brink of the river.

 Now when I had returned, behold, at the bank of the river were very many trees on the one side and on the other.

 Then said he unto me, These waters issue out toward the  country, and go down into the , and go into the sea: which being brought forth into the sea, the waters shall be healed.

 And it shall come to pass, that every thing that liveth, which moveth, whithersoever the rivers shall come, shall live: and there shall be a very great multitude of , because these waters shall come thither: for they shall be healed; and every thing shall live whither the river cometh.

 And it shall come to pass, that the fishers shall stand upon it from  even unto Eneglaim; they shall be a place to spread forth nets; their  shall be according to their kinds, as the  of the great sea, exceeding many.

 But the miry places thereof and the marishes thereof shall not be healed; they shall be given to .

 And by the river upon the bank thereof, on this side and on that side, shall grow all trees for meat, whose  shall not fade, neither shall the  thereof be consumed: it shall bring forth new  according to his months, because their waters they issued out of the : and the  thereof shall be for meat, and the  thereof for medicine.

 Thus saith the Lord GOD; This shall be the border, whereby ye shall inherit the land according to the twelve tribes of :  shall have two portions.

 And ye shall inherit it, one as well as another: concerning the which I lifted up mine hand to give it unto your fathers: and this land shall fall unto you for inheritance.

 And this shall be the border of the land toward the north side, from the great sea, the way of , as men go to ;

 , Berothah, Sibraim, which is between the border of  and the border of ; Hazarhatticon, which is by the coast of .

 And the border from the sea shall be Hazarenan, the border of , and the north , and the border of . And this is the north side.

 And the  side ye shall measure from , and from , and from , and from the land of  by , from the border unto the  sea. And this is the  side.

 And the south side southward, from  even to the waters of strife in , the river to the great sea. And this is the south side southward.

 The west side also shall be the great sea from the border, till a man come over against . This is the west side.

 So shall ye divide this land unto you according to the tribes of .

 And it shall come to pass, that ye shall divide it by lot for an inheritance unto you, and to the strangers that sojourn among you, which shall beget children among you: and they shall be unto you as born in the country among the children of ; they shall have inheritance with you among the tribes of .

 And it shall come to pass, that in what  the  sojourneth, there shall ye give him his inheritance, saith the Lord GOD.
