King James Version: Ezekiel: Ezekiel Chapter
King James Version: Ezekiel Chapter
In the five and twentieth year of our , in the beginning of the year, in the tenth day of the month, in the fourteenth year after that the city was smitten, in the selfsame day the hand of the LORD was upon me, and brought me thither.

 In the visions of God brought he me into the land of , and set me upon a very high mountain, by which was as the frame of a city on the south.

 And he brought me thither, and, behold, there was a man, whose appearance was like the appearance of , with a line of  in his hand, and a measuring ; and he stood in the .

 And the man said unto me, Son of man, behold with thine eyes, and hear with thine ears, and set thine heart upon all that I shall shew thee; for to the intent that I might shew them unto thee art thou brought hither: declare all that thou seest to the house of .

 And behold a wall on the outside of the house round about, and in the man's hand a measuring  of six cubits long by the  and an hand breadth: so he measured the breadth of the building, one ; and the height, one .

 Then came he unto the  which looketh toward the , and went up the stairs thereof, and measured the  of the , which was one  broad; and the other  of the , which was one  broad.

 And every little  was one  long, and one  broad; and between the little chambers were five cubits; and the  of the  by the porch of the  within was one .

 He measured also the porch of the  within, one .

 Then measured he the porch of the , eight cubits; and the posts thereof, two cubits; and the porch of the  was inward.

 And the little chambers of the  eastward were three on this side, and three on that side; they three were of one measure: and the posts had one measure on this side and on that side.

 And he measured the breadth of the entry of the , ten cubits; and the length of the , thirteen cubits.

 The space also before the little chambers was one  on this side, and the space was one  on that side: and the little chambers were six cubits on this side, and six cubits on that side.

 He measured then the  from the roof of one little  to the roof of another: the breadth was five and twenty cubits, door against door.

 He made also posts of threescore cubits, even unto the  of the court round about the .

 And from the face of the  of the entrance unto the face of the porch of the inner  were fifty cubits.

 And there were narrow windows to the little chambers, and to their posts within the  round about, and likewise to the arches: and windows were round about inward: and upon each  were palm trees.

 Then brought he me into the outward court, and, lo, there were chambers, and a  made for the court round about: thirty chambers were upon the .

 And the  by the side of the gates over against the length of the gates was the lower .

 Then he measured the breadth from the forefront of the lower  unto the forefront of the inner court without, an hundred cubits eastward and .

 And the  of the outward court that looked toward the north, he measured the length thereof, and the breadth thereof.

 And the little chambers thereof were three on this side and three on that side; and the posts thereof and the arches thereof were after the measure of the first : the length thereof was fifty cubits, and the breadth five and twenty cubits.

 And their windows, and their arches, and their palm trees, were after the measure of the  that looketh toward the ; and they went up unto it by  steps; and the arches thereof were before them.

 And the  of the inner court was over against the  toward the north, and toward the ; and he measured from  to  an hundred cubits.

 After that he brought me toward the south, and behold a  toward the south: and he measured the posts thereof and the arches thereof according to these measures.

 And there were windows in it and in the arches thereof round about, like those windows: the length was fifty cubits, and the breadth five and twenty cubits.

 And there were  steps to go up to it, and the arches thereof were before them: and it had palm trees, one on this side, and another on that side, upon the posts thereof.

 And there was a  in the inner court toward the south: and he measured from  to  toward the south an hundred cubits.

 And he brought me to the inner court by the south : and he measured the south  according to these measures;

 And the little chambers thereof, and the posts thereof, and the arches thereof, according to these measures: and there were windows in it and in the arches thereof round about: it was fifty cubits long, and five and twenty cubits broad.

 And the arches round about were five and twenty cubits long, and five cubits broad.

 And the arches thereof were toward the utter court; and palm trees were upon the posts thereof: and the going up to it had eight steps.

 And he brought me into the inner court toward the : and he measured the  according to these measures.

 And the little chambers thereof, and the posts thereof, and the arches thereof, were according to these measures: and there were windows therein and in the arches thereof round about: it was fifty cubits long, and five and twenty cubits broad.

 And the arches thereof were toward the outward court; and palm trees were upon the posts thereof, on this side, and on that side: and the going up to it had eight steps.

 And he brought me to the north , and measured it according to these measures;

 The little chambers thereof, the posts thereof, and the arches thereof, and the windows to it round about: the length was fifty cubits, and the breadth five and twenty cubits.

 And the posts thereof were toward the utter court; and palm trees were upon the posts thereof, on this side, and on that side: and the going up to it had eight steps.

 And the chambers and the entries thereof were by the posts of the gates, where they washed the burnt .

 And in the porch of the  were two  on this side, and two  on that side, to slay thereon the burnt  and the   and the trespass .

 And at the side without, as one goeth up to the entry of the north , were two ; and on the other side, which was at the porch of the , were two .

 Four  were on this side, and four  on that side, by the side of the ; eight , whereupon they slew their sacrifices.

 And the four  were of hewn  for the burnt , of a  and an half long, and a  and an half broad, and one  high: whereupon also they laid the instruments wherewith they slew the burnt  and the .

 And within were hooks, an hand broad, fastened round about: and upon the  was the  of the .

 And without the inner  were the chambers of the singers in the inner court, which was at the side of the north ; and their prospect was toward the south: one at the side of the   having the prospect toward the north.

 And he said unto me, This , whose prospect is toward the south, is for the priests, the keepers of the charge of the house.

 And the  whose prospect is toward the north is for the priests, the keepers of the charge of the : these are the sons of  among the sons of , which come near to the LORD to  unto him.

 So he measured the court, an hundred cubits long, and an hundred cubits broad, foursquare; and the  that was before the house.

 And he brought me to the porch of the house, and measured each  of the porch, five cubits on this side, and five cubits on that side: and the breadth of the  was three cubits on this side, and three cubits on that side.

 The length of the porch was twenty cubits, and the breadth eleven cubits, and he brought me by the steps whereby they went up to it: and there were pillars by the posts, one on this side, and another on that side.
