King James Version: Ezekiel: Ezekiel Chapter
King James Version: Ezekiel Chapter
Then came certain of the elders of  unto me, and sat before me.

 And the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,

 Son of man, these men have set up their idols in their heart, and put the stumblingblock of their iniquity before their face: should I be enquired of at all by them?

 Therefore speak unto them, and say unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Every man of the house of  that setteth up his idols in his heart, and putteth the stumblingblock of his iniquity before his face, and cometh to the ; I the LORD will answer him that cometh according to the multitude of his idols;

 That I may take the house of  in their own heart, because they are all estranged from me through their idols.

 Therefore say unto the house of , Thus saith the Lord GOD; Repent, and turn yourselves from your idols; and turn away your faces from all your abominations.

 For every one of the house of , or of the  that sojourneth in , which separateth himself from me, and setteth up his idols in his heart, and putteth the stumblingblock of his iniquity before his face, and cometh to a  to enquire of him concerning me; I the LORD will answer him by myself:

 And I will set my face against that man, and will make him a sign and a , and I will cut him off from the midst of my people; and ye shall know that I am the LORD.

 And if the  be deceived when he hath spoken a thing, I the LORD have deceived that , and I will stretch out my hand upon him, and will destroy him from the midst of my people .

 And they shall bear the  of their iniquity: the  of the  shall be even as the  of him that seeketh unto him;

 That the house of  may go no more astray from me, neither be polluted any more with all their transgressions; but that they may be my people, and I may be their God, saith the Lord GOD.

 The word of the LORD came again to me, saying,

 Son of man, when the land sinneth against me by trespassing grievously, then will I stretch out mine hand upon it, and will break the staff of the  thereof, and will send  upon it, and will cut off man and  from it:

 Though these three men, , , and Job, were in it, they should deliver but their own souls by their , saith the Lord GOD.

 If I cause noisome beasts to pass through the land, and they spoil it, so that it be desolate, that no man may pass through because of the beasts:

 Though these three men were in it, as I live, saith the Lord GOD, they shall deliver neither sons nor daughters; they only shall be delivered, but the land shall be desolate.

 Or if I bring a  upon that land, and say, , go through the land; so that I cut off man and  from it:

 Though these three men were in it, as I live, saith the Lord GOD, they shall deliver neither sons nor daughters, but they only shall be delivered themselves.

 Or if I send a pestilence into that land, and pour out my  upon it in , to cut off from it man and :

 Though , , and Job were in it, as I live, saith the Lord GOD, they shall deliver neither son nor daughter; they shall but deliver their own souls by their .

 For thus saith the Lord GOD; How much more when I send my four sore judgments upon , the , and the , and the noisome , and the pestilence, to cut off from it man and ?

 Yet, behold, therein shall be left a remnant that shall be brought forth, both sons and daughters: behold, they shall come forth unto you, and ye shall see their way and their doings: and ye shall be comforted concerning the evil that I have brought upon , even concerning all that I have brought upon it.

 And they shall comfort you, when ye see their ways and their doings: and ye shall know that I have not done without cause all that I have done in it, saith the Lord GOD.
