King James Version: Ezekiel: Ezekiel Chapter
King James Version: Ezekiel Chapter
Then I looked, and, behold, in the  that was above the head of the cherubims there appeared over them as it were a  , as the appearance of the likeness of a .

 And he spake unto the man clothed with , and said, Go in between the wheels, even under the , and fill thine hand with coals of fire from between the cherubims, and scatter them over the city. And he went in in my sight.

 Now the cherubims stood on the right side of the house, when the man went in; and the  filled the inner court.

 Then the  of the LORD went up from the , and stood over the  of the house; and the house was filled with the , and the court was full of the brightness of the LORD's .

 And the sound of the cherubims' wings was heard even to the outer court, as the voice of the Almighty God when he speaketh.

 And it came to pass, that when he had commanded the man clothed with , saying, Take fire from between the wheels, from between the cherubims; then he went in, and stood beside the wheels.

 And one  stretched forth his hand from between the cherubims unto the fire that was between the cherubims, and took thereof, and put it into the hands of him that was clothed with : who took it, and went out.

 And there appeared in the cherubims the form of a man's hand under their wings.

 And when I looked, behold the four wheels by the cherubims, one  by one , and another  by another : and the appearance of the wheels was as the  of a  .

 And as for their appearances, they four had one likeness, as if a  had been in the midst of a .

 When they went, they went upon their four sides; they turned not as they went, but to the place whither the head looked they followed it; they turned not as they went.

 And their whole body, and their backs, and their hands, and their wings, and the wheels, were full of eyes round about, even the wheels that they four had.

 As for the wheels, it was cried unto them in my hearing, O .

 And every one had four faces: the first face was the face of a , and the second face was the face of a man, and the third the face of a lion, and the fourth the face of an .

 And the cherubims were lifted up. This is the living  that I saw by the river of .

 And when the cherubims went, the wheels went by them: and when the cherubims lifted up their wings to  up from the earth, the same wheels also turned not from beside them.

 When they stood, these stood; and when they were lifted up, these lifted up themselves also: for the  of the living  was in them.

 Then the  of the LORD departed from off the  of the house, and stood over the cherubims.

 And the cherubims lifted up their wings, and mounted up from the earth in my sight: when they went out, the wheels also were beside them, and every one stood at the door of the   of the LORD's house; and the  of the God of  was over them above.

 This is the living  that I saw under the God of  by the river of ; and I knew that they were the cherubims.

 Every one had four faces apiece, and every one four wings; and the likeness of the hands of a man was under their wings.

 And the likeness of their faces was the same faces which I saw by the river of , their appearances and themselves: they went every one straight forward.
