King James Version: Ezekiel: Ezekiel Chapter
King James Version: Ezekiel Chapter
The word of the LORD came again unto me, saying,

 Son of man, there were two women, the daughters of one mother:

 And they committed whoredoms in ; they committed whoredoms in their youth: there were their breasts pressed, and there they bruised the teats of their virginity.

 And the names of them were  the , and  her sister: and they were mine, and they bare sons and daughters. Thus were their names;  is , and  .

 And  played the  when she was mine; and she doted on her lovers, on the Assyrians her neighbours,

 Which were clothed with , captains and rulers, all of them desirable young men, horsemen riding upon horses.

 Thus she committed her whoredoms with them, with all them that were the  men of , and with all on whom she doted: with all their idols she defiled herself.

 Neither left she her whoredoms brought from : for in her youth they lay with her, and they bruised the breasts of her virginity, and poured their whoredom upon her.

 Wherefore I have delivered her into the hand of her lovers, into the hand of the Assyrians, upon whom she doted.

 These discovered her nakedness: they took her sons and her daughters, and slew her with the : and she became famous among women; for they had executed judgment upon her.

 And when her sister  saw this, she was more corrupt in her inordinate love than she, and in her whoredoms more than her sister in her whoredoms.

 She doted upon the Assyrians her neighbours, captains and rulers clothed most gorgeously, horsemen riding upon horses, all of them desirable young men.

 Then I saw that she was defiled, that they took both one way,

 And that she increased her whoredoms: for when she saw men pourtrayed upon the wall, the images of the Chaldeans pourtrayed with vermilion,

 Girded with girdles upon their loins, exceeding in dyed attire upon their heads, all of them princes to look to, after the manner of the Babylonians of , the land of their nativity:

 And as soon as she saw them with her eyes, she doted upon them, and sent messengers unto them into .

 And the Babylonians came to her into the bed of love, and they defiled her with their whoredom, and she was polluted with them, and her mind was alienated from them.

 So she discovered her whoredoms, and discovered her nakedness: then my mind was alienated from her, like as my mind was alienated from her sister.

 Yet she multiplied her whoredoms, in  to remembrance the days of her youth, wherein she had played the  in the land of .

 For she doted upon their paramours, whose  is as the  of asses, and whose issue is like the issue of horses.

 Thus thou calledst to remembrance the  of thy youth, in bruising thy teats by the Egyptians for the paps of thy youth.

 Therefore, O , thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I will raise up thy lovers against thee, from whom thy mind is alienated, and I will bring them against thee on every side;

 The Babylonians, and all the Chaldeans, , and , and , and all the Assyrians with them: all of them desirable young men, captains and rulers, great lords and renowned, all of them riding upon horses.

 And they shall come against thee with chariots, wagons, and wheels, and with an assembly of people, which shall set against thee  and  and  round about: and I will set judgment before them, and they shall  thee according to their judgments.

 And I will set my  against thee, and they shall deal furiously with thee: they shall take away thy nose and thine ears; and thy remnant shall fall by the : they shall take thy sons and thy daughters; and thy residue shall be devoured by the fire.

 They shall also strip thee out of thy clothes, and take away thy fair jewels.

 Thus will I make thy  to cease from thee, and thy whoredom brought from the land of : so that thou shalt not lift up thine eyes unto them, nor remember  any more.

 For thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I will deliver thee into the hand of them whom thou hatest, into the hand of them from whom thy mind is alienated:

 And they shall deal with thee hatefully, and shall take away all thy labour, and shall leave thee  and bare: and the nakedness of thy whoredoms shall be discovered, both thy  and thy whoredoms.

 I will do these things unto thee, because thou hast gone a whoring after the , and because thou art polluted with their idols.

 Thou hast walked in the way of thy sister; therefore will I give her  into thine hand.

 Thus saith the Lord GOD; Thou shalt  of thy sister's   and large: thou shalt be laughed to scorn and had in derision; it containeth much.

 Thou shalt be filled with drunkenness and sorrow, with the  of astonishment and desolation, with the  of thy sister .

 Thou shalt even  it and suck it out, and thou shalt break the sherds thereof, and pluck off thine own breasts: for I have spoken it, saith the Lord GOD.

 Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Because thou hast forgotten me, and cast me behind thy back, therefore bear thou also thy  and thy whoredoms.

 The LORD said moreover unto me; Son of man, wilt thou   and ? yea, declare unto them their abominations;

 That they have committed , and  is in their hands, and with their idols have they committed , and have also caused their sons, whom they bare unto me, to pass for them through the fire, to devour them.

 Moreover this they have done unto me: they have defiled my  in the same day, and have profaned my sabbaths.

 For when they had slain their children to their idols, then they came the same day into my  to profane it; and, lo, thus have they done in the midst of mine house.

 And furthermore, that ye have sent for men to come from far, unto whom a  was sent; and, lo, they came: for whom thou didst wash thyself, paintedst thy eyes, and deckedst thyself with ornaments,

 And satest upon a stately bed, and a table prepared before it, whereupon thou hast set mine  and mine oil.

 And a voice of a multitude being at ease was with her: and with the men of the common sort were brought  from the , which put bracelets upon their hands, and beautiful crowns upon their heads.

 Then said I unto her that was old in adulteries, Will they now commit whoredoms with her, and she with them?

 Yet they went in unto her, as they go in unto a woman that playeth the : so went they in unto  and unto , the lewd women.

 And the righteous men, they shall  them after the manner of adulteresses, and after the manner of women that shed ; because they are adulteresses, and  is in their hands.

 For thus saith the Lord GOD; I will bring up a company upon them, and will give them to be removed and spoiled.

 And the company shall  them with stones, and dispatch them with their swords; they shall slay their sons and their daughters, and burn up their houses with fire.

 Thus will I cause  to cease out of the land, that all women may be taught not to do after your .

 And they shall recompense your  upon you, and ye shall bear the sins of your idols: and ye shall know that I am the Lord GOD.
