King James Version: Ezekiel: Ezekiel Chapter
King James Version: Ezekiel Chapter
The word of the LORD came again unto me, saying,

 Now, thou son of man, take up a  for Tyrus;

 And say unto Tyrus, O thou that art situate at the entry of the sea, which art a  of the people for many isles, Thus saith the Lord GOD; O Tyrus, thou hast said, I am of perfect beauty.

 Thy borders are in the midst of the seas, thy builders have perfected thy beauty.

 They have made all thy ship boards of  trees of : they have taken cedars from  to make masts for thee.

 Of the oaks of  have they made thine oars; the company of the  have made thy benches of , brought out of the isles of .

 Fine  with broidered work from  was that which thou spreadest forth to be thy sail;  and purple from the isles of  was that which covered thee.

 The inhabitants of  and  were thy mariners: thy  men, O Tyrus, that were in thee, were thy pilots.

 The ancients of  and the  men thereof were in thee thy : all the  of the sea with their mariners were in thee to occupy thy merchandise.

 They of  and of  and of  were in thine army, thy men of war: they hanged the  and  in thee; they set forth thy comeliness.

 The men of  with thine army were upon thy walls round about, and the Gammadims were in thy : they hanged their shields upon thy walls round about; they have made thy beauty perfect.

  was thy  by reason of the multitude of all kind of riches; with , , , and lead, they traded in thy .

 , , and , they were thy merchants: they traded the persons of men and vessels of  in thy market.

 They of the house of  traded in thy  with horses and horsemen and mules.

 The men of  were thy merchants; many isles were the merchandise of thine hand: they brought thee for a present horns of  and .

  was thy  by reason of the multitude of the wares of thy making: they occupied in thy  with emeralds, purple, and broidered work, and fine , and , and .

 , and the land of , they were thy merchants: they traded in thy market  of , and , and , and oil, and .

  was thy  in the multitude of the wares of thy making, for the multitude of all riches; in the  of , and white .

  also and  going to and fro occupied in thy : bright , , and , were in thy market.

  was thy  in precious clothes for chariots.

 , and all the princes of , they occupied with thee in lambs, and rams, and goats: in these were they thy merchants.

 The merchants of  and , they were thy merchants: they occupied in thy  with chief of all , and with all precious stones, and .

 , and , and , the merchants of , , and , were thy merchants.

 These were thy merchants in all sorts of things, in  clothes, and broidered work, and in chests of rich , bound with cords, and made of , among thy merchandise.

 The  of  did sing of thee in thy market: and thou wast replenished, and made very glorious in the midst of the seas.

 Thy rowers have brought thee into great waters: the  wind hath broken thee in the midst of the seas.

 Thy riches, and thy , thy merchandise, thy mariners, and thy pilots, thy , and the occupiers of thy merchandise, and all thy men of war, that are in thee, and in all thy company which is in the midst of thee, shall fall into the midst of the seas in the day of thy ruin.

 The  shall shake at the sound of the cry of thy pilots.

 And all that handle the oar, the mariners, and all the pilots of the sea, shall come down from their , they shall stand upon the land;

 And shall cause their voice to be heard against thee, and shall cry bitterly, and shall cast up  upon their heads, they shall wallow themselves in the :

 And they shall make themselves utterly bald for thee, and gird them with , and they shall weep for thee with bitterness of heart and  wailing.

 And in their wailing they shall take up a  for thee, and lament over thee, saying, What city is like Tyrus, like the destroyed in the midst of the sea?

 When thy wares went forth out of the seas, thou filledst many people; thou didst enrich the kings of the earth with the multitude of thy riches and of thy merchandise.

 In the time when thou shalt be broken by the seas in the depths of the waters thy merchandise and all thy company in the midst of thee shall fall.

 All the inhabitants of the isles shall be astonished at thee, and their kings shall be sore afraid, they shall be troubled in their countenance.

 The merchants among the people shall  at thee; thou shalt be a terror, and never shalt be any more.
