King James Version: Ezekiel: Ezekiel Chapter
King James Version: Ezekiel Chapter
Afterward he brought me to the , even the  that looketh toward the :

 And, behold, the  of the God of  came from the way of the : and his voice was like a noise of many waters: and the earth shined with his .

 And it was according to the appearance of the  which I saw, even according to the  that I saw when I came to destroy the city: and the visions were like the  that I saw by the river ; and I fell upon my face.

 And the  of the LORD came into the house by the way of the  whose prospect is toward the .

 So the  took me up, and brought me into the inner court; and, behold, the  of the LORD filled the house.

 And I heard him speaking unto me out of the house; and the man stood by me.

 And he said unto me, Son of man, the place of my , and the place of the soles of my feet, where I will dwell in the midst of the children of  for ever, and my holy name, shall the house of  no more defile, neither they, nor their kings, by their whoredom, nor by the carcases of their kings in their high places.

 In their setting of their  by my thresholds, and their  by my posts, and the wall between me and them, they have even defiled my holy name by their abominations that they have committed: wherefore I have consumed them in mine .

 Now let them put away their whoredom, and the carcases of their kings, far from me, and I will dwell in the midst of them for ever.

 Thou son of man, shew the house to the house of , that they may be ashamed of their iniquities: and let them measure the pattern.

 And if they be ashamed of all that they have done, shew them the form of the house, and the fashion thereof, and the goings out thereof, and the comings in thereof, and all the forms thereof, and all the ordinances thereof, and all the forms thereof, and all the laws thereof: and write it in their sight, that they may keep the whole form thereof, and all the ordinances thereof, and do them.

 This is the law of the house; Upon the top of the mountain the whole limit thereof round about shall be most holy. Behold, this is the law of the house.

 And these are the measures of the  after the cubits: The  is a  and an hand breadth; even the bottom shall be a , and the breadth a , and the border thereof by the edge thereof round about shall be a span: and this shall be the higher place of the .

 And from the bottom upon the ground even to the lower settle shall be two cubits, and the breadth one ; and from the lesser settle even to the greater settle shall be four cubits, and the breadth one .

 So the  shall be four cubits; and from the  and upward shall be four horns.

 And the  shall be twelve cubits long, twelve broad, square in the four squares thereof.

 And the settle shall be fourteen cubits long and fourteen broad in the four squares thereof; and the border about it shall be half a ; and the bottom thereof shall be a  about; and his stairs shall look toward the .

 And he said unto me, Son of man, thus saith the Lord GOD; These are the ordinances of the  in the day when they shall make it, to offer burnt offerings thereon, and to sprinkle  thereon.

 And thou shalt give to the priests the Levites that be of the seed of , which approach unto me, to  unto me, saith the Lord GOD, a young  for a  .

 And thou shalt take of the  thereof, and put it on the four horns of it, and on the four corners of the settle, and upon the border round about: thus shalt thou cleanse and purge it.

 Thou shalt take the  also of the  , and he shall burn it in the appointed place of the house, without the .

 And on the second day thou shalt offer a kid of the goats without  for a  ; and they shall cleanse the , as they did cleanse it with the .

 When thou hast made an end of cleansing it, thou shalt offer a young  without , and a  out of the flock without .

 And thou shalt offer them before the LORD, and the priests shall cast  upon them, and they shall offer them up for a burnt  unto the LORD.

  days shalt thou prepare every day a  for a  : they shall also prepare a young , and a  out of the flock, without .

  days shall they purge the  and purify it; and they shall consecrate themselves.

 And when these days are expired, it shall be, that upon the eighth day, and so forward, the priests shall make your burnt offerings upon the , and your peace offerings; and I will accept you, saith the Lord GOD.
