King James Version: Ezekiel: Ezekiel Chapter
King James Version: Ezekiel Chapter
And it came to pass in the twelfth year, in the twelfth month, in the first day of the month, that the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,

 Son of man, take up a  for   of , and say unto him, Thou art like a young lion of the nations, and thou art as a  in the seas: and thou camest forth with thy rivers, and troubledst the waters with thy feet, and fouledst their rivers.

 Thus saith the Lord GOD; I will therefore spread out my  over thee with a company of many people; and they shall bring thee up in my .

 Then will I leave thee upon the land, I will cast thee forth upon the open field, and will cause all the fowls of the  to remain upon thee, and I will fill the beasts of the whole earth with thee.

 And I will lay thy  upon the mountains, and fill the valleys with thy height.

 I will also water with thy  the land wherein thou swimmest, even to the mountains; and the rivers shall be full of thee.

 And when I shall put thee out, I will cover the , and make the  thereof dark; I will cover the  with a , and the  shall not give her light.

 All the bright lights of  will I make dark over thee, and set  upon thy land, saith the Lord GOD.

 I will also vex the hearts of many people, when I shall bring thy  among the nations, into the countries which thou hast not known.

 Yea, I will make many people amazed at thee, and their kings shall be horribly afraid for thee, when I shall brandish my  before them; and they shall tremble at every moment, every man for his own life, in the day of thy fall.

 For thus saith the Lord GOD; The  of the  of  shall come upon thee.

 By the swords of the mighty will I cause thy multitude to fall, the terrible of the nations, all of them: and they shall spoil the pomp of , and all the multitude thereof shall be destroyed.

 I will destroy also all the beasts thereof from beside the great waters; neither shall the foot of man trouble them any more, nor the hoofs of beasts trouble them.

 Then will I make their waters , and cause their rivers to run like oil, saith the Lord GOD.

 When I shall make the land of  desolate, and the country shall be destitute of that whereof it was full, when I shall smite all them that dwell therein, then shall they know that I am the LORD.

 This is the  wherewith they shall lament her: the daughters of the nations shall lament her: they shall lament for her, even for , and for all her multitude, saith the Lord GOD.

 It came to pass also in the twelfth year, in the fifteenth day of the month, that the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,

 Son of man, wail for the multitude of , and cast them down, even her, and the daughters of the famous nations, unto the nether parts of the earth, with them that go down into the .

 Whom dost thou pass in beauty? go down, and be thou laid with the uncircumcised.

 They shall fall in the midst of them that are slain by the : she is delivered to the : draw her and all her multitudes.

 The strong among the mighty shall speak to him out of the midst of  with them that help him: they are gone down, they lie uncircumcised, slain by the .

  is there and all her company: his graves are about him: all of them slain, fallen by the :

 Whose graves are set in the sides of the , and her company is round about her : all of them slain, fallen by the , which caused terror in the land of the living.

 There is  and all her multitude round about her , all of them slain, fallen by the , which are gone down uncircumcised into the nether parts of the earth, which caused their terror in the land of the living; yet have they borne their shame with them that go down to the .

 They have set her a bed in the midst of the slain with all her multitude: her graves are round about him: all of them uncircumcised, slain by the : though their terror was caused in the land of the living, yet have they borne their shame with them that go down to the : he is put in the midst of them that be slain.

 There is , , and all her multitude: her graves are round about him: all of them uncircumcised, slain by the , though they caused their terror in the land of the living.

 And they shall not lie with the mighty that are fallen of the uncircumcised, which are gone down to  with their weapons of war: and they have laid their swords under their heads, but their iniquities shall be upon their bones, though they were the terror of the mighty in the land of the living.

 Yea, thou shalt be broken in the midst of the uncircumcised, and shalt lie with them that are slain with the .

 There is , her kings, and all her princes, which with their might are laid by them that were slain by the : they shall lie with the uncircumcised, and with them that go down to the .

 There be the princes of the north, all of them, and all the Zidonians, which are gone down with the slain; with their terror they are ashamed of their might; and they lie uncircumcised with them that be slain by the , and bear their shame with them that go down to the .

  shall see them, and shall be comforted over all his multitude, even  and all his army slain by the , saith the Lord GOD.

 For I have caused my terror in the land of the living: and he shall be laid in the midst of the uncircumcised with them that are slain with the , even  and all his multitude, saith the Lord GOD.
