King James Version: Ezekiel: Ezekiel Chapter
King James Version: Ezekiel Chapter
Now these are the names of the tribes. From the north end to the coast of the way of , as one goeth to , Hazarenan, the border of  , to the coast of ; for these are his sides  and west; a portion for .

 And by the border of , from the  side unto the west side, a portion for .

 And by the border of , from the  side even unto the west side, a portion for .

 And by the border of , from the  side unto the west side, a portion for .

 And by the border of , from the  side unto the west side, a portion for .

 And by the border of , from the  side even unto the west side, a portion for .

 And by the border of , from the  side unto the west side, a portion for .

 And by the border of , from the  side unto the west side, shall be the  which ye shall offer of five and twenty thousand reeds in breadth, and in length as one of the other parts, from the  side unto the west side: and the  shall be in the midst of it.

 The oblation that ye shall offer unto the LORD shall be of five and twenty thousand in length, and of ten thousand in breadth.

 And for them, even for the priests, shall be this holy oblation; toward the north five and twenty thousand in length, and toward the west ten thousand in breadth, and toward the  ten thousand in breadth, and toward the south five and twenty thousand in length: and the  of the LORD shall be in the midst thereof.

 It shall be for the priests that are sanctified of the sons of ; which have kept my charge, which went not astray when the children of  went astray, as the Levites went astray.

 And this oblation of the land that is offered shall be unto them a thing most holy by the border of the Levites.

 And over against the border of the priests the Levites shall have five and twenty thousand in length, and ten thousand in breadth: all the length shall be five and twenty thousand, and the breadth ten thousand.

 And they shall not sell of it, neither exchange, nor alienate the firstfruits of the land: for it is holy unto the LORD.

 And the five thousand, that are left in the breadth over against the five and twenty thousand, shall be a profane place for the city, for dwelling, and for : and the city shall be in the midst thereof.

 And these shall be the measures thereof; the north side four thousand and five hundred, and the south side four thousand and five hundred, and on the  side four thousand and five hundred, and the west side four thousand and five hundred.

 And the  of the city shall be toward the north two hundred and fifty, and toward the south two hundred and fifty, and toward the  two hundred and fifty, and toward the west two hundred and fifty.

 And the residue in length over against the oblation of the holy portion shall be ten thousand eastward, and ten thousand : and it shall be over against the oblation of the holy portion; and the increase thereof shall be for food unto them that serve the city.

 And they that serve the city shall serve it out of all the tribes of .

 All the oblation shall be five and twenty thousand by five and twenty thousand: ye shall offer the holy oblation foursquare, with the possession of the city.

 And the residue shall be for the , on the one side and on the other of the holy oblation, and of the possession of the city, over against the five and twenty thousand of the oblation toward the  border, and  over against the five and twenty thousand toward the west border, over against the portions for the : and it shall be the holy oblation; and the  of the house shall be in the midst thereof.

 Moreover from the possession of the Levites, and from the possession of the city, being in the midst of that which is the prince's, between the border of  and the border of , shall be for the .

 As for the rest of the tribes, from the  side unto the west side,  shall have a portion.

 And by the border of , from the  side unto the west side,  shall have a portion.

 And by the border of , from the  side unto the west side,  a portion.

 And by the border of , from the  side unto the west side,  a portion.

 And by the border of , from the  side unto the west side,  a portion.

 And by the border of , at the south side southward, the border shall be even from  unto the waters of strife in , and to the river toward the great sea.

 This is the land which ye shall divide by lot unto the tribes of  for inheritance, and these are their portions, saith the Lord GOD.

 And these are the goings out of the city on the north side, four thousand and five hundred measures.

 And the gates of the city shall be after the names of the tribes of : three gates ; one  of , one  of , one  of .

 And at the  side four thousand and five hundred: and three gates; and one  of , one  of , one  of .

 And at the south side four thousand and five hundred measures: and three gates; one  of , one  of , one  of .

 At the west side four thousand and five hundred, with their three gates; one  of , one  of , one  of .

 It was round about eighteen thousand measures: and the name of the city from that day shall be, The LORD is there.
