King James Version: Ezekiel: Ezekiel Chapter
King James Version: Ezekiel Chapter
Now it came to pass in the thirtieth year, in the fourth month, in the fifth day of the month, as I was among the captives by the river of , that the heavens were opened, and I saw visions of God.

 In the fifth day of the month, which was the fifth year of  Jehoiachin's ,

 The word of the LORD came expressly unto  the , the son of , in the land of the Chaldeans by the river ; and the hand of the LORD was there upon him.

 And I looked, and, behold, a whirlwind came out of the north, a great , and a fire infolding itself, and a brightness was about it, and out of the midst thereof as the  of , out of the midst of the fire.

 Also out of the midst thereof came the likeness of four living creatures. And this was their appearance; they had the likeness of a man.

 And every one had four faces, and every one had four wings.

 And their feet were straight feet; and the sole of their feet was like the sole of a calf's foot: and they sparkled like the  of burnished .

 And they had the hands of a man under their wings on their four sides; and they four had their faces and their wings.

 Their wings were joined one to another; they turned not when they went; they went every one straight forward.

 As for the likeness of their faces, they four had the face of a man, and the face of a lion, on the right side: and they four had the face of an  on the left side; they four also had the face of an .

 Thus were their faces: and their wings were stretched upward; two wings of every one were joined one to another, and two covered their bodies.

 And they went every one straight forward: whither the  was to go, they went; and they turned not when they went.

 As for the likeness of the living creatures, their appearance was like burning coals of fire, and like the appearance of lamps: it went up and down among the living creatures; and the fire was bright, and out of the fire went forth .

 And the living creatures ran and returned as the appearance of a flash of .

 Now as I beheld the living creatures, behold one  upon the earth by the living creatures, with his four faces.

 The appearance of the wheels and their work was like unto the  of a : and they four had one likeness: and their appearance and their work was as it were a  in the middle of a .

 When they went, they went upon their four sides: and they turned not when they went.

 As for their rings, they were so high that they were dreadful; and their rings were full of eyes round about them four.

 And when the living creatures went, the wheels went by them: and when the living creatures were lifted up from the earth, the wheels were lifted up.

 Whithersoever the  was to go, they went, thither was their  to go; and the wheels were lifted up over against them: for the  of the living  was in the wheels.

 When those went, these went; and when those stood, these stood; and when those were lifted up from the earth, the wheels were lifted up over against them: for the  of the living  was in the wheels.

 And the likeness of the  upon the heads of the living  was as the  of the terrible , stretched forth over their heads above.

 And under the  were their wings straight, the one toward the other: every one had two, which covered on this side, and every one had two, which covered on that side, their bodies.

 And when they went, I heard the noise of their wings, like the noise of great waters, as the voice of the Almighty, the voice of speech, as the noise of an : when they stood, they let down their wings.

 And there was a voice from the  that was over their heads, when they stood, and had let down their wings.

 And above the  that was over their heads was the likeness of a , as the appearance of a  : and upon the likeness of the  was the likeness as the appearance of a man above upon it.

 And I saw as the  of , as the appearance of fire round about within it, from the appearance of his loins even upward, and from the appearance of his loins even downward, I saw as it were the appearance of fire, and it had brightness round about.

 As the appearance of the  that is in the  in the day of , so was the appearance of the brightness round about. This was the appearance of the likeness of the  of the LORD. And when I saw it, I fell upon my face, and I heard a voice of one that spake.
