King James Version: Ezekiel: Ezekiel Chapter
King James Version: Ezekiel Chapter
Thus saith the Lord GOD; The  of the inner court that looketh toward the  shall be shut the six working days; but on the  it shall be opened, and in the day of the new  it shall be opened.

 And the  shall enter by the way of the porch of that  without, and shall stand by the  of the , and the priests shall prepare his burnt  and his peace offerings, and he shall  at the  of the : then he shall go forth; but the  shall not be shut until the evening.

 Likewise the people of the land shall  at the door of this  before the LORD in the sabbaths and in the new moons.

 And the burnt  that the  shall offer unto the LORD in the  day shall be six lambs without , and a  without .

 And the meat  shall be an  for a , and the meat  for the lambs as he shall be able to give, and an hin of oil to an .

 And in the day of the new  it shall be a young  without , and six lambs, and a : they shall be without .

 And he shall prepare a meat , an  for a , and an  for a , and for the lambs according as his hand shall attain unto, and an hin of oil to an .

 And when the  shall enter, he shall go in by the way of the porch of that , and he shall go forth by the way thereof.

 But when the people of the land shall come before the LORD in the solemn feasts, he that entereth in by the way of the north  to  shall go out by the way of the south ; and he that entereth by the way of the south  shall go forth by the way of the north : he shall not return by the way of the  whereby he came in, but shall go forth over against it.

 And the  in the midst of them, when they go in, shall go in; and when they go forth, shall go forth.

 And in the feasts and in the solemnities the meat  shall be an  to a , and an  to a , and to the lambs as he is able to give, and an hin of oil to an .

 Now when the  shall prepare a voluntary burnt  or peace offerings voluntarily unto the LORD, one shall then open him the  that looketh toward the , and he shall prepare his burnt  and his peace offerings, as he did on the  day: then he shall go forth; and after his going forth one shall shut the .

 Thou shalt daily prepare a burnt  unto the LORD of a  of the first year without : thou shalt prepare it every morning.

 And thou shalt prepare a meat  for it every morning, the sixth part of an , and the third part of an hin of oil, to temper with the fine ; a meat  continually by a perpetual ordinance unto the LORD.

 Thus shall they prepare the , and the meat , and the oil, every morning for a continual burnt .

 Thus saith the Lord GOD; If the  give a  unto any of his sons, the inheritance thereof shall be his sons'; it shall be their possession by inheritance.

 But if he give a  of his inheritance to one of his servants, then it shall be his to the year of liberty; after it shall return to the : but his inheritance shall be his sons' for them.

 Moreover the  shall not take of the people's inheritance by oppression, to thrust them out of their possession; but he shall give his sons inheritance out of his own possession: that my people be not scattered every man from his possession.

 After he brought me through the entry, which was at the side of the , into the holy chambers of the priests, which looked toward the north: and, behold, there was a place on the two sides .

 Then said he unto me, This is the place where the priests shall  the trespass  and the  , where they shall  the meat ; that they bear them not out into the utter court, to sanctify the people.

 Then he brought me forth into the utter court, and caused me to pass by the four corners of the court; and, behold, in every corner of the court there was a court.

 In the four corners of the court there were courts joined of forty cubits long and thirty broad: these four corners were of one measure.

 And there was a row of building round about in them, round about them four, and it was made with boiling places under the rows round about.

 Then said he unto me, These are the places of them that , where the ministers of the house shall  the  of the people.
