King James Version: Ezekiel: Ezekiel Chapter
King James Version: Ezekiel Chapter
The word of the LORD came unto me again, saying,

 What mean ye, that ye use this  concerning the land of , saying, The fathers have eaten sour grapes, and the children's teeth are set on edge?

 As I live, saith the Lord GOD, ye shall not have occasion any more to use this  in .

 Behold, all souls are mine; as the soul of the father, so also the soul of the son is mine: the soul that sinneth, it shall die.

 But if a man be just, and do that which is lawful and right,

 And hath not eaten upon the mountains, neither hath lifted up his eyes to the idols of the house of , neither hath defiled his neighbour's wife, neither hath come near to a menstruous woman,

 And hath not oppressed any, but hath restored to the  his , hath spoiled none by violence, hath given his  to the hungry, and hath covered the  with a garment;

 He that hath not given forth upon , neither hath taken any increase, that hath withdrawn his hand from iniquity, hath executed true judgment between man and man,

 Hath walked in my statutes, and hath kept my judgments, to deal truly; he is just, he shall surely live, saith the Lord GOD.

 If he beget a son that is a robber, a shedder of , and that doeth the like to any one of these things,

 And that doeth not any of those duties, but even hath eaten upon the mountains, and defiled his neighbour's wife,

 Hath oppressed the  and needy, hath spoiled by violence, hath not restored the , and hath lifted up his eyes to the idols, hath committed ,

 Hath given forth upon , and hath taken increase: shall he then live? he shall not live: he hath done all these abominations; he shall surely die; his  shall be upon him.

 Now, lo, if he beget a son, that seeth all his father's sins which he hath done, and considereth, and doeth not such like,

 That hath not eaten upon the mountains, neither hath lifted up his eyes to the idols of the house of , hath not defiled his neighbour's wife,

 Neither hath oppressed any, hath not withholden the , neither hath spoiled by violence, but hath given his  to the hungry, and hath covered the  with a garment,

 That hath taken off his hand from the , that hath not received  nor increase, hath executed my judgments, hath walked in my statutes; he shall not die for the iniquity of his father, he shall surely live.

 As for his father, because he cruelly oppressed, spoiled his brother by violence, and did that which is not good among his people, lo, even he shall die in his iniquity.

 Yet say ye, Why? doth not the son bear the iniquity of the father?  When the son hath done that which is lawful and right, and hath kept all my statutes, and hath done them, he shall surely live.

 The soul that sinneth, it shall die. The son shall not bear the iniquity of the father, neither shall the father bear the iniquity of the son: the  of the righteous shall be upon him, and the wickedness of the wicked shall be upon him.

 But if the wicked will turn from all his sins that he hath committed, and keep all my statutes, and do that which is lawful and right, he shall surely live, he shall not die.

 All his transgressions that he hath committed, they shall not be mentioned unto him: in his  that he hath done he shall live.

 Have I any pleasure at all that the wicked should die? saith the Lord GOD: and not that he should return from his ways, and live?

 But when the righteous turneth away from his , and committeth iniquity, and doeth according to all the abominations that the wicked man doeth, shall he live? All his  that he hath done shall not be mentioned: in his trespass that he hath trespassed, and in his  that he hath sinned, in them shall he die.

 Yet ye say, The way of the LORD is not equal. Hear now, O house of ; Is not my way equal? are not your ways unequal?

 When a righteous man turneth away from his , and committeth iniquity, and dieth in them; for his iniquity that he hath done shall he die.

 Again, when the wicked man turneth away from his wickedness that he hath committed, and doeth that which is lawful and right, he shall save his soul alive.

 Because he considereth, and turneth away from all his transgressions that he hath committed, he shall surely live, he shall not die.

 Yet saith the house of , The way of the LORD is not equal. O house of , are not my ways equal? are not your ways unequal?

 Therefore I will  you, O house of , every one according to his ways, saith the Lord GOD. Repent, and turn yourselves from all your transgressions; so iniquity shall not be your ruin.

 Cast away from you all your transgressions, whereby ye have transgressed; and make you a new heart and a new : for why will ye die, O house of ?

 For I have no pleasure in the death of him that dieth, saith the Lord GOD: wherefore turn yourselves, and live ye.
