King James Version: Ezekiel: Ezekiel Chapter
King James Version: Ezekiel Chapter
Then he brought me back the way of the  of the outward  which looketh toward the ; and it was shut.

 Then said the LORD unto me; This  shall be shut, it shall not be opened, and no man shall enter in by it; because the LORD, the God of , hath entered in by it, therefore it shall be shut.

 It is for the ; the , he shall sit in it to eat  before the LORD; he shall enter by the way of the porch of that , and shall go out by the way of the same.

 Then brought he me the way of the north  before the house: and I looked, and, behold, the  of the LORD filled the house of the LORD: and I fell upon my face.

 And the LORD said unto me, Son of man, mark well, and behold with thine eyes, and hear with thine ears all that I say unto thee concerning all the ordinances of the house of the LORD, and all the laws thereof; and mark well the entering in of the house, with every going forth of the .

 And thou shalt say to the rebellious, even to the house of , Thus saith the Lord GOD; O ye house of , let it suffice you of all your abominations,

 In that ye have brought into my  strangers, uncircumcised in heart, and uncircumcised in , to be in my , to pollute it, even my house, when ye offer my , the  and the , and they have broken my  because of all your abominations.

 And ye have not kept the charge of mine holy things: but ye have set keepers of my charge in my  for yourselves.

 Thus saith the Lord GOD; No , uncircumcised in heart, nor uncircumcised in , shall enter into my , of any  that is among the children of .

 And the Levites that are gone away far from me, when  went astray, which went astray away from me after their idols; they shall even bear their iniquity.

 Yet they shall be ministers in my , having charge at the gates of the house, and ministering to the house: they shall slay the burnt  and the  for the people, and they shall stand before them to  unto them.

 Because they ministered unto them before their idols, and caused the house of  to fall into iniquity; therefore have I lifted up mine hand against them, saith the Lord GOD, and they shall bear their iniquity.

 And they shall not come near unto me, to do the office of a  unto me, nor to come near to any of my holy things, in the most holy place: but they shall bear their shame, and their abominations which they have committed.

 But I will make them keepers of the charge of the house, for all the service thereof, and for all that shall be done therein.

 But the priests the Levites, the sons of , that kept the charge of my  when the children of  went astray from me, they shall come near to me to  unto me, and they shall stand before me to offer unto me the  and the , saith the Lord GOD:

 They shall enter into my , and they shall come near to my table, to  unto me, and they shall keep my charge.

 And it shall come to pass, that when they enter in at the gates of the inner court, they shall be clothed with  garments; and no  shall come upon them, whiles they  in the gates of the inner court, and within.

 They shall have  bonnets upon their heads, and shall have   upon their loins; they shall not gird themselves with any thing that causeth sweat.

 And when they go forth into the utter court, even into the utter court to the people, they shall put off their garments wherein they ministered, and lay them in the holy chambers, and they shall put on other garments; and they shall not sanctify the people with their garments.

 Neither shall they shave their heads, nor suffer their locks to grow long; they shall only poll their heads.

 Neither shall any   , when they enter into the inner court.

 Neither shall they take for their wives a widow, nor her that is put away: but they shall take maidens of the seed of the house of , or a widow that had a  before.

 And they shall teach my people the difference between the holy and profane, and cause them to discern between the unclean and the .

 And in controversy they shall stand in judgment; and they shall  it according to my judgments: and they shall keep my laws and my statutes in all mine assemblies; and they shall  my sabbaths.

 And they shall come at no dead person to defile themselves: but for father, or for mother, or for son, or for daughter, for brother, or for sister that hath had no husband, they may defile themselves.

 And after he is cleansed, they shall reckon unto him  days.

 And in the day that he goeth into the , unto the inner court, to  in the , he shall offer his  , saith the Lord GOD.

 And it shall be unto them for an inheritance: I am their inheritance: and ye shall give them no possession in : I am their possession.

 They shall eat the meat , and the  , and the trespass : and every dedicated thing in  shall be theirs.

 And the first of all the firstfruits of all things, and every oblation of all, of every sort of your oblations, shall be the priest's: ye shall also give unto the  the first of your , that he may cause the blessing to rest in thine house.

 The priests shall not eat of any thing that is dead of itself, or torn, whether it be fowl or .
