King James Version: Ezekiel: Ezekiel Chapter
King James Version: Ezekiel Chapter
And the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,

 Son of man, set thy face toward , and drop thy word toward the holy places, and prophesy against the land of ,

 And say to the land of , Thus saith the LORD; Behold, I am against thee, and will draw forth my  out of his sheath, and will cut off from thee the righteous and the wicked.

 Seeing then that I will cut off from thee the righteous and the wicked, therefore shall my  go forth out of his sheath against all  from the south to the north:

 That all  may know that I the LORD have drawn forth my  out of his sheath: it shall not return any more.

 Sigh therefore, thou son of man, with the breaking of thy loins; and with bitterness sigh before their eyes.

 And it shall be, when they say unto thee, Wherefore sighest thou? that thou shalt answer, For the tidings; because it cometh: and every heart shall melt, and all hands shall be feeble, and every  shall faint, and all knees shall be weak as water: behold, it cometh, and shall be brought to pass, saith the Lord GOD.

 Again the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,

 Son of man, prophesy, and say, Thus saith the LORD; Say, A , a  is sharpened, and also furbished:

 It is sharpened to make a sore slaughter; it is furbished that it may glitter: should we then make mirth? it contemneth the rod of my son, as every tree.

 And he hath given it to be furbished, that it may be handled: this  is sharpened, and it is furbished, to give it into the hand of the slayer.

 Cry and howl, son of man: for it shall be upon my people, it shall be upon all the princes of : terrors by reason of the  shall be upon my people: smite therefore upon thy thigh.

 Because it is a trial, and what if the  contemn even the rod?  it shall be no more, saith the Lord GOD.

 Thou therefore, son of man, prophesy, and smite thine hands together. and let the  be doubled the third time, the  of the slain: it is the  of the great men that are slain, which entereth into their privy chambers.

 I have set the point of the  against all their gates, that their heart may faint, and their ruins be multiplied: ah! it is made bright, it is wrapped up for the slaughter.

 Go thee one way or other, either on the right hand, or on the left, whithersoever thy face is set.

 I will also smite mine hands together, and I will cause my  to rest: I the LORD have said it.

 The word of the LORD came unto me again, saying,

 Also, thou son of man, appoint thee two ways, that the  of the  of  may come: both twain shall come forth out of one land: and choose thou a place, choose it at the head of the way to the city.

 Appoint a way, that the  may come to Rabbath of the Ammonites, and to  in  the defenced.

 For the  of  stood at the parting of the way, at the head of the two ways, to use : he made his  bright, he consulted with images, he looked in the .

 At his right hand was the  for , to appoint captains, to open the mouth in the slaughter, to lift up the voice with shouting, to appoint battering rams against the gates, to cast a , and to build a fort.

 And it shall be unto them as a false  in their sight, to them that have sworn oaths: but he will call to remembrance the iniquity, that they may be taken.

 Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Because ye have made your iniquity to be remembered, in that your transgressions are discovered, so that in all your doings your sins do appear; because, I say, that ye are come to remembrance, ye shall be taken with the hand.

 And thou, profane wicked  of , whose day is come, when iniquity shall have an end,

 Thus saith the Lord GOD; Remove the , and take off the : this shall not be the same: exalt him that is low, and abase him that is high.

 I will overturn, overturn, overturn, it: and it shall be no more, until he come whose right it is; and I will give it him.

 And thou, son of man, prophesy and say, Thus saith the Lord GOD concerning the Ammonites, and concerning their reproach; even say thou, The , the  is drawn: for the slaughter it is furbished, to consume because of the glittering:

 Whiles they see vanity unto thee, whiles they divine a lie unto thee, to bring thee upon the necks of them that are slain, of the wicked, whose day is come, when their iniquity shall have an end.

 Shall I cause it to return into his sheath? I will  thee in the place where thou wast created, in the land of thy nativity.

 And I will pour out mine indignation upon thee, I will blow against thee in the fire of my wrath, and deliver thee into the hand of brutish men, and skilful to destroy.

 Thou shalt be for  to the fire; thy  shall be in the midst of the land; thou shalt be no more remembered: for I the LORD have spoken it.
