King James Version: Ezekiel: Ezekiel Chapter
King James Version: Ezekiel Chapter
Moreover the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,

 Now, thou son of man, wilt thou , wilt thou  the bloody city? yea, thou shalt shew her all her abominations.

 Then say thou, Thus saith the Lord GOD, The city sheddeth  in the midst of it, that her time may come, and maketh idols against herself to defile herself.

 Thou art become guilty in thy  that thou hast shed; and hast defiled thyself in thine idols which thou hast made; and thou hast caused thy days to draw near, and art come even unto thy years: therefore have I made thee a reproach unto the , and a mocking to all countries.

 Those that be near, and those that be far from thee, shall mock thee, which art infamous and much vexed.

 Behold, the princes of , every one were in thee to their power to shed .

 In thee have they set light by father and mother: in the midst of thee have they dealt by oppression with the : in thee have they vexed the fatherless and the widow.

 Thou hast despised mine holy things, and hast profaned my sabbaths.

 In thee are men that carry tales to shed : and in thee they eat upon the mountains: in the midst of thee they commit .

 In thee have they discovered their fathers' nakedness: in thee have they humbled her that was set apart for pollution.

 And one hath committed  with his neighbour's wife; and another hath lewdly defiled his daughter in law; and another in thee hath humbled his sister, his father's daughter.

 In thee have they taken gifts to shed ; thou hast taken  and increase, and thou hast greedily gained of thy neighbours by extortion, and hast forgotten me, saith the Lord GOD.

 Behold, therefore I have smitten mine hand at thy dishonest gain which thou hast made, and at thy  which hath been in the midst of thee.

 Can thine heart endure, or can thine hands be strong, in the days that I shall deal with thee? I the LORD have spoken it, and will do it.

 And I will scatter thee among the , and disperse thee in the countries, and will consume thy filthiness out of thee.

 And thou shalt take thine inheritance in thyself in the sight of the , and thou shalt know that I am the LORD.

 And the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,

 Son of man, the house of  is to me become : all they are , and , and , and lead, in the midst of the ; they are even the  of .

 Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Because ye are all become , behold, therefore I will gather you into the midst of .

 As they gather , and , and , and lead, and , into the midst of the , to blow the fire upon it, to melt it; so will I gather you in mine  and in my , and I will leave you there, and melt you.

 Yea, I will gather you, and blow upon you in the fire of my wrath, and ye shall be melted in the midst therof.

 As  is melted in the midst of the , so shall ye be melted in the midst thereof; and ye shall know that I the LORD have poured out my  upon you.

 And the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,

 Son of man, say unto her, Thou art the land that is not cleansed, nor rained upon in the day of indignation.

 There is a conspiracy of her prophets in the midst thereof, like a roaring lion ravening the prey; they have devoured souls; they have taken the treasure and precious things; they have made her many  in the midst thereof.

 Her priests have violated my law, and have profaned mine holy things: they have put no difference between the holy and profane, neither have they shewed difference between the unclean and the , and have hid their eyes from my sabbaths, and I am profaned among them.

 Her princes in the midst thereof are like wolves ravening the prey, to shed , and to destroy souls, to get dishonest gain.

 And her prophets have daubed them with untempered morter, seeing vanity, and divining lies unto them, saying, Thus saith the Lord GOD, when the LORD hath not spoken.

 The people of the land have used oppression, and exercised , and have vexed the  and needy: yea, they have oppressed the  wrongfully.

 And I sought for a man among them, that should make up the hedge, and stand in the  before me for the land, that I should not destroy it: but I found none.

 Therefore have I poured out mine indignation upon them; I have consumed them with the fire of my wrath: their own way have I recompensed upon their heads, saith the Lord GOD.
