King James Version: Ezekiel: Ezekiel Chapter
King James Version: Ezekiel Chapter
Moreover the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,

 Son of man, set thy face against  , and prophesy against it,

 And say unto it, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, O  , I am against thee, and I will stretch out mine hand against thee, and I will make thee most desolate.

 I will lay thy cities waste, and thou shalt be desolate, and thou shalt know that I am the LORD.

 Because thou hast had a perpetual , and hast shed the  of the children of  by the force of the  in the time of their calamity, in the time that their iniquity had an end:

 Therefore, as I live, saith the Lord GOD, I will prepare thee unto , and  shall pursue thee: sith thou hast not hated , even  shall pursue thee.

 Thus will I make   most desolate, and cut off from it him that passeth out and him that returneth.

 And I will fill his mountains with his slain men: in thy hills, and in thy valleys, and in all thy rivers, shall they fall that are slain with the .

 I will make thee perpetual desolations, and thy cities shall not return: and ye shall know that I am the LORD.

 Because thou hast said, These two nations and these two countries shall be mine, and we will possess it; whereas the LORD was there:

 Therefore, as I live, saith the Lord GOD, I will even do according to thine , and according to thine envy which thou hast used out of thy  against them; and I will make myself known among them, when I have judged thee.

 And thou shalt know that I am the LORD, and that I have heard all thy blasphemies which thou hast spoken against the mountains of , saying, They are laid desolate, they are given us to consume.

 Thus with your mouth ye have boasted against me, and have multiplied your words against me: I have heard them.

 Thus saith the Lord GOD; When the whole earth rejoiceth, I will make thee desolate.

 As thou didst rejoice at the inheritance of the house of , because it was desolate, so will I do unto thee: thou shalt be desolate, O  , and all Idumea, even all of it: and they shall know that I am the LORD.
