King James Version: Ezekiel: Ezekiel Chapter
King James Version: Ezekiel Chapter
And the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,

 Son of man, set thy face against , the land of , the chief  of  and , and prophesy against him,

 And say, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I am against thee, O , the chief  of  and :

 And I will turn thee back, and put hooks into thy jaws, and I will bring thee forth, and all thine army, horses and horsemen, all of them clothed with all sorts of , even a great company with bucklers and shields, all of them handling swords:

 , , and  with them; all of them with  and :

 , and all his ; the house of  of the north quarters, and all his : and many people with thee.

 Be thou prepared, and prepare for thyself, thou, and all thy company that are assembled unto thee, and be thou a  unto them.

 After many days thou shalt be visited: in the latter years thou shalt come into the land that is brought back from the , and is gathered out of many people, against the mountains of , which have been always waste: but it is brought forth out of the nations, and they shall dwell safely all of them.

 Thou shalt ascend and come like a storm, thou shalt be like a  to cover the land, thou, and all thy , and many people with thee.

 Thus saith the Lord GOD; It shall also come to pass, that at the same time shall things come into thy mind, and thou shalt think an evil thought:

 And thou shalt say, I will go up to the land of unwalled ; I will go to them that are at rest, that dwell safely, all of them dwelling without walls, and having neither bars nor gates,

 To take a spoil, and to take a prey; to turn thine hand upon the desolate places that are now inhabited, and upon the people that are gathered out of the nations, which have gotten  and goods, that dwell in the midst of the land.

 , and , and the merchants of , with all the young  thereof, shall say unto thee, Art thou come to take a spoil? hast thou gathered thy company to take a prey? to carry away  and , to take away  and goods, to take a great spoil?

 Therefore, son of man, prophesy and say unto , Thus saith the Lord GOD; In that day when my people of  dwelleth safely, shalt thou not know it?

 And thou shalt come from thy place out of the north parts, thou, and many people with thee, all of them riding upon horses, a great company, and a mighty army:

 And thou shalt come up against my people of , as a  to cover the land; it shall be in the latter days, and I will bring thee against my land, that the  may know me, when I shall be sanctified in thee, O , before their eyes.

 Thus saith the Lord GOD; Art thou he of whom I have spoken in old time by my servants the prophets of , which prophesied in those days many years that I would bring thee against them?

 And it shall come to pass at the same time when  shall come against the land of , saith the Lord GOD, that my  shall come up in my face.

 For in my  and in the fire of my wrath have I spoken, Surely in that day there shall be a great shaking in the land of ;

 So that the fishes of the sea, and the fowls of the , and the beasts of the field, and all creeping things that creep upon the earth, and all the men that are upon the face of the earth, shall shake at my presence, and the mountains shall be thrown down, and the steep places shall fall, and every wall shall fall to the ground.

 And I will call for a  against him throughout all my mountains, saith the Lord GOD: every man's  shall be against his brother.

 And I will plead against him with pestilence and with ; and I will  upon him, and upon his , and upon the many people that are with him, an overflowing , and great hailstones, fire, and .

 Thus will I magnify myself, and sanctify myself; and I will be known in the eyes of many nations, and they shall know that I am the LORD.
