King James Version: Ezekiel: Ezekiel Chapter
King James Version: Ezekiel Chapter
Therefore, thou son of man, prophesy against , and say, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I am against thee, O , the chief  of  and :

 And I will turn thee back, and leave but the sixth part of thee, and will cause thee to come up from the north parts, and will bring thee upon the mountains of :

 And I will smite thy  out of thy left hand, and will cause thine  to fall out of thy right hand.

 Thou shalt fall upon the mountains of , thou, and all thy , and the people that is with thee: I will give thee unto the ravenous birds of every sort, and to the beasts of the field to be devoured.

 Thou shalt fall upon the open field: for I have spoken it, saith the Lord GOD.

 And I will send a fire on , and among them that dwell carelessly in the isles: and they shall know that I am the LORD.

 So will I make my holy name known in the midst of my people ; and I will not let them pollute my holy name any more: and the  shall know that I am the LORD, the Holy One in .

 Behold, it is come, and it is done, saith the Lord GOD; this is the day whereof I have spoken.

 And they that dwell in the cities of  shall go forth, and shall set on fire and burn the weapons, both the shields and the bucklers, the bows and the , and the handstaves, and the spears, and they shall burn them with fire  years:

 So that they shall take no  out of the field, neither cut down any out of the forests; for they shall burn the weapons with fire: and they shall spoil those that spoiled them, and rob those that robbed them, saith the Lord GOD.

 And it shall come to pass in that day, that I will give unto  a place there of graves in , the  of the passengers on the  of the sea: and it shall stop the noses of the passengers: and there shall they bury  and all his multitude: and they shall call it The  of Hamongog.

 And  months shall the house of  be burying of them, that they may cleanse the land.

 Yea, all the people of the land shall bury them; and it shall be to them a renown the day that I shall be glorified, saith the Lord GOD.

 And they shall sever out men of continual employment, passing through the land to bury with the passengers those that remain upon the face of the earth, to cleanse it: after the end of  months shall they search.

 And the passengers that pass through the land, when any seeth a man's bone, then shall he set up a sign by it, till the buriers have buried it in the  of Hamongog.

 And also the name of the city shall be . Thus shall they cleanse the land.

 And, thou son of man, thus saith the Lord GOD; Speak unto every feathered fowl, and to every  of the field, Assemble yourselves, and come; gather yourselves on every side to my  that I do  for you, even a great  upon the mountains of , that ye may eat , and  .

 Ye shall eat the  of the mighty, and  the  of the princes of the earth, of rams, of lambs, and of goats, of bullocks, all of them fatlings of .

 And ye shall eat  till ye be full, and   till ye be drunken, of my  which I have sacrificed for you.

 Thus ye shall be filled at my table with horses and chariots, with mighty men, and with all men of war, saith the Lord GOD.

 And I will set my  among the , and all the  shall see my judgment that I have executed, and my hand that I have laid upon them.

 So the house of  shall know that I am the LORD their God from that day and forward.

 And the  shall know that the house of  went into  for their iniquity: because they trespassed against me, therefore hid I my face from them, and gave them into the hand of their enemies: so fell they all by the .

 According to their uncleanness and according to their transgressions have I done unto them, and hid my face from them.

 Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Now will I bring again the  of , and have  upon the whole house of , and will be jealous for my holy name;

 After that they have borne their shame, and all their trespasses whereby they have trespassed against me, when they dwelt safely in their land, and none made them afraid.

 When I have brought them again from the people, and gathered them out of their enemies' lands, and am sanctified in them in the sight of many nations;

 Then shall they know that I am the LORD their God, which caused them to be led into  among the : but I have gathered them unto their own land, and have left none of them any more there.

 Neither will I hide my face any more from them: for I have poured out my  upon the house of , saith the Lord GOD.
