King James Version: Ezekiel: Ezekiel Chapter
King James Version: Ezekiel Chapter
In the tenth year, in the tenth month, in the twelfth day of the month, the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,

 Son of man, set thy face against   of , and prophesy against him, and against all :

 Speak, and say, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I am against thee,   of , the great  that lieth in the midst of his rivers, which hath said, My river is mine own, and I have made it for myself.

 But I will put hooks in thy jaws, and I will cause the  of thy rivers to stick unto thy scales, and I will bring thee up out of the midst of thy rivers, and all the  of thy rivers shall stick unto thy scales.

 And I will leave thee thrown into the , thee and all the  of thy rivers: thou shalt fall upon the open fields; thou shalt not be brought together, nor gathered: I have given thee for meat to the beasts of the field and to the fowls of the .

 And all the inhabitants of  shall know that I am the LORD, because they have been a staff of  to the house of .

 When they took hold of thee by thy hand, thou didst break, and rend all their shoulder: and when they leaned upon thee, thou brakest, and madest all their loins to be at a stand.

 Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I will bring a  upon thee, and cut off man and  out of thee.

 And the land of  shall be desolate and waste; and they shall know that I am the LORD: because he hath said, The river is mine, and I have made it.

 Behold, therefore I am against thee, and against thy rivers, and I will make the land of  utterly waste and desolate, from the tower of  even unto the border of .

 No foot of man shall pass through it, nor foot of  shall pass through it, neither shall it be inhabited forty years.

 And I will make the land of  desolate in the midst of the countries that are desolate, and her cities among the cities that are laid waste shall be desolate forty years: and I will scatter the Egyptians among the nations, and will disperse them through the countries.

 Yet thus saith the Lord GOD; At the end of forty years will I gather the Egyptians from the people whither they were scattered:

 And I will bring again the  of , and will cause them to return into the land of , into the land of their ; and they shall be there a base kingdom.

 It shall be the basest of the kingdoms; neither shall it exalt itself any more above the nations: for I will diminish them, that they shall no more rule over the nations.

 And it shall be no more the confidence of the house of , which bringeth their iniquity to remembrance, when they shall look after them: but they shall know that I am the Lord GOD.

 And it came to pass in the  and twentieth year, in the first month, in the first day of the month, the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,

 Son of man,   of  caused his army to serve a great service against Tyrus: every head was made bald, and every shoulder was peeled: yet had he no , nor his army, for Tyrus, for the service that he had served against it:

 Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I will give the land of  unto   of ; and he shall take her multitude, and take her spoil, and take her prey; and it shall be the  for his army.

 I have given him the land of  for his labour wherewith he served against it, because they wrought for me, saith the Lord GOD.

 In that day will I cause the  of the house of  to bud forth, and I will give thee the opening of the mouth in the midst of them; and they shall know that I am the LORD.
