King James Version: Ezekiel: Ezekiel Chapter
King James Version: Ezekiel Chapter
The word of the LORD came again unto me, saying,

 Son of man, prophesy and say, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Howl ye, Woe worth the day!

 For the day is near, even the day of the LORD is near, a cloudy day; it shall be the time of the .

 And the  shall come upon , and great pain shall be in , when the slain shall fall in , and they shall take away her multitude, and her foundations shall be broken down.

 , and , and , and all the mingled people, and , and the men of the land that is in , shall fall with them by the .

 Thus saith the LORD; They also that uphold  shall fall; and the pride of her power shall come down: from the tower of  shall they fall in it by the , saith the Lord GOD.

 And they shall be desolate in the midst of the countries that are desolate, and her cities shall be in the midst of the cities that are wasted.

 And they shall know that I am the LORD, when I have set a fire in , and when all her helpers shall be destroyed.

 In that day shall messengers go forth from me in  to make the careless Ethiopians afraid, and great pain shall come upon them, as in the day of : for, lo, it cometh.

 Thus saith the Lord GOD; I will also make the multitude of  to cease by the hand of   of .

 He and his people with him, the terrible of the nations, shall be brought to destroy the land: and they shall draw their swords against , and fill the land with the slain.

 And I will make the rivers dry, and sell the land into the hand of the wicked: and I will make the land waste, and all that is therein, by the hand of strangers: I the LORD have spoken it.

 Thus saith the Lord GOD; I will also destroy the idols, and I will cause their images to cease out of ; and there shall be no more a  of the land of : and I will put a fear in the land of .

 And I will make  desolate, and will set fire in , and will execute judgments in No.

 And I will pour my  upon , the strength of ; and I will cut off the multitude of No.

 And I will set fire in :  shall have great pain, and No shall be  asunder, and  shall have distresses daily.

 The young men of  and of Pibeseth shall fall by the : and these cities shall go into .

 At Tehaphnehes also the day shall be darkened, when I shall break there the yokes of : and the pomp of her strength shall cease in her: as for her, a  shall cover her, and her daughters shall go into .

 Thus will I execute judgments in : and they shall know that I am the LORD.

 And it came to pass in the eleventh year, in the first month, in the seventh day of the month, that the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,

 Son of man, I have broken the arm of   of ; and, lo, it shall not be bound up to be healed, to put a roller to bind it, to make it strong to hold the .

 Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I am against   of , and will break his arms, the strong, and that which was broken; and I will cause the  to fall out of his hand.

 And I will scatter the Egyptians among the nations, and will disperse them through the countries.

 And I will strengthen the arms of the  of , and put my  in his hand: but I will break Pharaoh's arms, and he shall groan before him with the groanings of a deadly wounded man.

 But I will strengthen the arms of the  of , and the arms of  shall fall down; and they shall know that I am the LORD, when I shall put my  into the hand of the  of , and he shall stretch it out upon the land of .

 And I will scatter the Egyptians among the nations, and disperse them among the countries; and they shall know that I am the LORD.
