King James Version: Ezekiel: Ezekiel Chapter
King James Version: Ezekiel Chapter
Moreover, when ye shall divide by lot the land for inheritance, ye shall offer an oblation unto the LORD, an holy portion of the land: the length shall be the length of five and twenty thousand reeds, and the breadth shall be ten thousand. This shall be holy in all the borders thereof round about.

 Of this there shall be for the  five hundred in length, with five hundred in breadth, square round about; and fifty cubits round about for the  thereof.

 And of this measure shalt thou measure the length of five and twenty thousand, and the breadth of ten thousand: and in it shall be the  and the most holy place.

 The holy portion of the land shall be for the priests the ministers of the , which shall come near to  unto the LORD: and it shall be a place for their houses, and an holy place for the .

 And the five and twenty thousand of length, and the ten thousand of breadth shall also the Levites, the ministers of the house, have for themselves, for a possession for twenty chambers.

 And ye shall appoint the possession of the city five thousand broad, and five and twenty thousand long, over against the oblation of the holy portion: it shall be for the whole house of .

 And a portion shall be for the  on the one side and on the other side of the oblation of the holy portion, and of the possession of the city, before the oblation of the holy portion, and before the possession of the city, from the west side , and from the  side eastward: and the length shall be over against one of the portions, from the west border unto the  border.

 In the land shall be his possession in : and my princes shall no more oppress my people; and the rest of the land shall they give to the house of  according to their tribes.

 Thus saith the Lord GOD; Let it suffice you, O princes of : remove violence and spoil, and execute judgment and , take away your exactions from my people, saith the Lord GOD.

 Ye shall have just balances, and a just , and a just .

 The  and the  shall be of one measure, that the  may contain the tenth part of an , and the  the tenth part of an : the measure thereof shall be after the .

 And the  shall be twenty gerahs: twenty shekels, five and twenty shekels, fifteen shekels, shall be your .

 This is the oblation that ye shall offer; the sixth part of an  of an  of , and ye shall give the sixth part of an  of an  of :

 Concerning the ordinance of oil, the  of oil, ye shall offer the tenth part of a  out of the , which is an  of ten ; for ten  are an :

 And one  out of the flock, out of two hundred, out of the  pastures of ; for a meat , and for a burnt , and for peace offerings, to make  for them, saith the Lord GOD.

 All the people of the land shall give this oblation for the  in .

 And it shall be the prince's part to give burnt offerings, and meat offerings, and  offerings, in the feasts, and in the new moons, and in the sabbaths, in all solemnities of the house of : he shall prepare the  , and the meat , and the burnt , and the peace offerings, to make  for the house of .

 Thus saith the Lord GOD; In the first month, in the first day of the month, thou shalt take a young  without , and cleanse the :

 And the  shall take of the  of the  , and put it upon the posts of the house, and upon the four corners of the settle of the , and upon the posts of the  of the inner court.

 And so thou shalt do the seventh day of the month for every one that erreth, and for him that is simple: so shall ye reconcile the house.

 In the first month, in the fourteenth day of the month, ye shall have the , a  of  days; unleavened  shall be eaten.

 And upon that day shall the  prepare for himself and for all the people of the land a  for a  .

 And  days of the  he shall prepare a burnt  to the LORD,  bullocks and  rams without  daily the  days; and a kid of the goats daily for a  .

 And he shall prepare a meat  of an  for a , and an  for a , and an hin of oil for an .

 In the seventh month, in the fifteenth day of the month, shall he do the like in the  of the  days, according to the  , according to the burnt , and according to the meat , and according to the oil.
