King James Version: Ezekiel: Ezekiel Chapter
King James Version: Ezekiel Chapter
Thou also, son of man, take thee a tile, and lay it before thee, and pourtray upon it the city, even :

 And lay siege against it, and build a fort against it, and cast a  against it; set the  also against it, and set battering rams against it round about.

 Moreover take thou unto thee an  , and set it for a wall of  between thee and the city: and set thy face against it, and it shall be besieged, and thou shalt lay siege against it. This shall be a sign to the house of .

 Lie thou also upon thy left side, and lay the iniquity of the house of  upon it: according to the number of the days that thou shalt lie upon it thou shalt bear their iniquity.

 For I have laid upon thee the years of their iniquity, according to the number of the days, three hundred and ninety days: so shalt thou bear the iniquity of the house of .

 And when thou hast accomplished them, lie again on thy right side, and thou shalt bear the iniquity of the house of  forty days: I have appointed thee each day for a year.

 Therefore thou shalt set thy face toward the siege of , and thine arm shall be uncovered, and thou shalt prophesy against it.

 And, behold, I will lay  upon thee, and thou shalt not turn thee from one side to another, till thou hast ended the days of thy siege.

 Take thou also unto thee , and , and , and , and , and , and put them in one vessel, and make thee  thereof, according to the number of the days that thou shalt lie upon thy side, three hundred and ninety days shalt thou eat thereof.

 And thy meat which thou shalt eat shall be by weight, twenty shekels a day: from time to time shalt thou eat it.

 Thou shalt  also water by measure, the sixth part of an hin: from time to time shalt thou .

 And thou shalt eat it as  cakes, and thou shalt  it with  that cometh out of man, in their sight.

 And the LORD said, Even thus shall the children of  eat their defiled  among the , whither I will drive them.

 Then said I, Ah Lord GOD! behold, my soul hath not been polluted: for from my youth up even till now have I not eaten of that which dieth of itself, or is torn in ; neither came there abominable  into my mouth.

 Then he said unto me, Lo, I have given thee cow's  for man's , and thou shalt prepare thy  therewith.

 Moreover he said unto me, Son of man, behold, I will break the staff of  in : and they shall eat  by weight, and with care; and they shall  water by measure, and with astonishment:

 That they may want  and water, and be astonied one with another, and consume away for their iniquity.
