King James Version: Ezekiel: Ezekiel Chapter
King James Version: Ezekiel Chapter
Moreover he said unto me, Son of man, eat that thou findest; eat this , and go speak unto the house of .

 So I opened my mouth, and he caused me to eat that .

 And he said unto me, Son of man, cause thy  to eat, and fill thy  with this  that I give thee. Then did I eat it; and it was in my mouth as  for sweetness.

 And he said unto me, Son of man, go, get thee unto the house of , and speak with my words unto them.

 For thou art not sent to a people of a strange speech and of an hard language, but to the house of ;

 Not to many people of a strange speech and of an hard language, whose words thou canst not understand. Surely, had I sent thee to them, they would have hearkened unto thee.

 But the house of  will not hearken unto thee; for they will not hearken unto me: for all the house of  are impudent and hardhearted.

 Behold, I have made thy face strong against their faces, and thy  strong against their foreheads.

 As an  harder than  have I made thy : fear them not, neither be dismayed at their looks, though they be a rebellious house.

 Moreover he said unto me, Son of man, all my words that I shall speak unto thee receive in thine heart, and hear with thine ears.

 And go, get thee to them of the , unto the children of thy people, and speak unto them, and tell them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; whether they will hear, or whether they will forbear.

 Then the  took me up, and I heard behind me a voice of a great rushing, saying, Blessed be the  of the LORD from his place.

 I heard also the noise of the wings of the living creatures that touched one another, and the noise of the wheels over against them, and a noise of a great rushing.

 So the  lifted me up, and took me away, and I went in bitterness, in the heat of my ; but the hand of the LORD was strong upon me.

 Then I came to them of the  at Telabib, that dwelt by the river of , and I sat where they sat, and remained there astonished among them  days.

 And it came to pass at the end of  days, that the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,

 Son of man, I have made thee a watchman unto the house of : therefore hear the word at my mouth, and give them warning from me.

 When I say unto the wicked, Thou shalt surely die; and thou givest him not warning, nor speakest to warn the wicked from his wicked way, to save his life; the same wicked man shall die in his iniquity; but his  will I require at thine hand.

 Yet if thou warn the wicked, and he turn not from his wickedness, nor from his wicked way, he shall die in his iniquity; but thou hast delivered thy soul.

 Again, When a righteous man doth turn from his , and commit iniquity, and I lay a stumbling-block before him, he shall die: because thou hast not given him warning, he shall die in his , and his  which he hath done shall not be remembered; but his  will I require at thine hand.

 Nevertheless if thou warn the righteous man, that the righteous  not, and he doth not , he shall surely live, because he is warned; also thou hast delivered thy soul.

 And the hand of the LORD was there upon me; and he said unto me, Arise, go forth into the , and I will there talk with thee.

 Then I arose, and went forth into the : and, behold, the  of the LORD stood there, as the  which I saw by the river of : and I fell on my face.

 Then the  entered into me, and set me upon my feet, and spake with me, and said unto me, Go, shut thyself within thine house.

 But thou, O son of man, behold, they shall put  upon thee, and shall bind thee with them, and thou shalt not go out among them:

 And I will make thy tongue cleave to the roof of thy mouth, that thou shalt be , and shalt not be to them a reprover: for they are a rebellious house.

 But when I speak with thee, I will open thy mouth, and thou shalt say unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; He that heareth, let him hear; and he that forbeareth, let him forbear: for they are a rebellious house.
