King James Version: Zechariah: Zechariah Chapter
King James Version: Zechariah Chapter
Open thy , O , that the fire may devour thy cedars.

 Howl,  tree; for the  is fallen; because the mighty are spoiled: howl, O ye oaks of ; for the  of the vintage is come down.

 There is a voice of the howling of the shepherds; for their  is spoiled: a voice of the roaring of young ; for the pride of  is spoiled.

 Thus saith the LORD my God; Feed the flock of the slaughter;

 Whose possessors slay them, and hold themselves not guilty: and they that sell them say, Blessed be the LORD; for I am rich: and their own shepherds pity them not.

 For I will no more pity the inhabitants of the land, saith the LORD: but, lo, I will deliver the men every one into his neighbour's hand, and into the hand of his : and they shall smite the land, and out of their hand I will not deliver them.

 And I will feed the flock of slaughter, even you, O  of the flock. And I took unto me two staves; the one I called Beauty, and the other I called ; and I fed the flock.

 Three shepherds also I cut off in one month; and my soul lothed them, and their soul also abhorred me.

 Then said I, I will not feed you: that that dieth, let it die; and that that is to be cut off, let it be cut off; and let the rest eat every one the  of another.

 And I took my staff, even Beauty, and cut it asunder, that I might break my  which I had made with all the people.

 And it was broken in that day: and so the  of the flock that waited upon me knew that it was the word of the LORD.

 And I said unto them, If ye think good, give me my price; and if not, forbear. So they weighed for my price thirty  of .

 And the LORD said unto me, Cast it unto the potter: a goodly price that I was prised at of them. And I took the thirty  of , and cast them to the potter in the house of the LORD.

 Then I cut asunder mine other staff, even , that I might break the brotherhood between  and .

 And the LORD said unto me, Take unto thee yet the instruments of a foolish .

 For, lo, I will raise up a  in the land, which shall not visit those that be cut off, neither shall seek the young one, nor heal that that is broken, nor feed that that standeth still: but he shall eat the  of the , and tear their claws in .

 Woe to the   that leaveth the flock! the  shall be upon his arm, and upon his right eye: his arm shall be  dried up, and his right eye shall be utterly darkened.
