King James Version: Zechariah: Zechariah Chapter
King James Version: Zechariah Chapter
The  of the word of the LORD in the land of , and  shall be the rest thereof: when the eyes of man, as of all the tribes of , shall be toward the LORD.

 And  also shall border thereby; Tyrus, and , though it be very .

 And Tyrus did build herself a strong hold, and heaped up  as the , and fine  as the mire of the streets.

 Behold, the LORD will cast her out, and he will smite her power in the sea; and she shall be devoured with fire.

  shall see it, and fear;  also shall see it, and be very sorrowful, and ; for her expectation shall be ashamed; and the  shall perish from , and  shall not be inhabited.

 And a  shall dwell in , and I will cut off the pride of the .

 And I will take away his  out of his mouth, and his abominations from between his teeth: but he that remaineth, even he, shall be for our God, and he shall be as a governor in , and  as a Jebusite.

 And I will  about mine house because of the army, because of him that passeth by, and because of him that returneth: and no oppressor shall pass through them any more: for now have I seen with mine eyes.

 Rejoice greatly, O daughter of ; shout, O daughter of : behold, thy  cometh unto thee: he is just, and having ; lowly, and riding upon an , and upon a colt the foal of an .

 And I will cut off the  from , and the horse from , and the battle  shall be cut off: and he shall speak peace unto the : and his dominion shall be from sea even to sea, and from the river even to the ends of the earth.

 As for thee also, by the  of thy  I have sent forth thy prisoners out of the  wherein is no water.

 Turn you to the strong hold, ye prisoners of hope: even to day do I declare that I will render double unto thee;

 When I have bent  for me, filled the  with , and raised up thy sons, O , against thy sons, O , and made thee as the  of a mighty man.

 And the LORD shall be seen over them, and his arrow shall go forth as the : and the LORD God shall blow the trumpet, and shall go with whirlwinds of the south.

 The LORD of hosts shall defend them; and they shall devour, and subdue with  stones; and they shall , and make a noise as through ; and they shall be filled like bowls, and as the corners of the .

 And the LORD their God shall save them in that day as the flock of his people: for they shall be as the stones of a , lifted up as an  upon his land.

 For how great is his , and how great is his beauty!  shall make the young men cheerful, and new  the maids.
