King James Version: Zechariah: Zechariah Chapter
King James Version: Zechariah Chapter
The  of the word of the LORD for , saith the LORD, which stretcheth forth the heavens, and layeth the foundation of the earth, and formeth the  of man within him.

 Behold, I will make  a  of trembling unto all the people round about, when they shall be in the siege both against  and against .

 And in that day will I make  a burdensome  for all people: all that  themselves with it shall be cut in , though all the people of the earth be gathered together against it.

 In that day, saith the LORD, I will smite every horse with astonishment, and his rider with : and I will open mine eyes upon the house of , and will smite every horse of the people with blindness.

 And the governors of  shall say in their heart, The inhabitants of  shall be my strength in the LORD of hosts their God.

 In that day will I make the governors of  like an  of fire among the , and like a torch of fire in a sheaf; and they shall devour all the people round about, on the right hand and on the left: and  shall be inhabited again in her own place, even in .

 The LORD also shall save the tents of  first, that the  of the house of  and the  of the inhabitants of  do not magnify themselves against .

 In that day shall the LORD defend the inhabitants of ; and he that is feeble among them at that day shall be as ; and the house of  shall be as God, as the  of the LORD before them.

 And it shall come to pass in that day, that I will seek to destroy all the nations that come against .

 And I will pour upon the house of , and upon the inhabitants of , the  of  and of supplications: and they shall look upon me whom they have pierced, and they shall  for him, as one mourneth for his only son, and shall be in bitterness for him, as one that is in bitterness for his firstborn.

 In that day shall there be a great mourning in , as the mourning of Hadadrimmon in the  of Megiddon.

 And the land shall , every family apart; the family of the house of  apart, and their wives apart; the family of the house of  apart, and their wives apart;

 The family of the house of  apart, and their wives apart; the family of  apart, and their wives apart;

 All the families that remain, every family apart, and their wives apart.
