King James Version: Zechariah: Zechariah Chapter
King James Version: Zechariah Chapter
In the eighth month, in the second year of , came the word of the LORD unto , the son of , the son of  the , saying,

 The LORD hath been sore displeased with your fathers.

 Therefore say thou unto them, Thus saith the LORD of hosts; Turn ye unto me, saith the LORD of hosts, and I will turn unto you, saith the LORD of hosts.

 Be ye not as your fathers, unto whom the former prophets have cried, saying, Thus saith the LORD of hosts; Turn ye now from your evil ways, and from your evil doings: but they did not hear, nor hearken unto me, saith the LORD.

 Your fathers, where are they? and the prophets, do they live for ever?

 But my words and my statutes, which I commanded my servants the prophets, did they not take hold of your fathers? and they returned and said, Like as the LORD of hosts thought to do unto us, according to our ways, and according to our doings, so hath he dealt with us.

 Upon the four and twentieth day of the eleventh month, which is the month , in the second year of , came the word of the LORD unto , the son of , the son of  the , saying,

 I saw by night, and behold a man riding upon a red horse, and he stood among the  trees that were in the bottom; and behind him were there red horses, speckled, and white.

 Then said I, O my lord, what are these? And the  that talked with me said unto me, I will shew thee what these be.

 And the man that stood among the  trees answered and said, These are they whom the LORD hath sent to walk to and fro through the earth.

 And they answered the  of the LORD that stood among the  trees, and said, We have walked to and fro through the earth, and, behold, all the earth sitteth still, and is at rest.

 Then the  of the LORD answered and said, O LORD of hosts, how long wilt thou not have  on  and on the cities of , against which thou hast had indignation these threescore and ten years?

 And the LORD answered the  that talked with me with good words and comfortable words.

 So the  that communed with me said unto me, Cry thou, saying, Thus saith the LORD of hosts; I am jealous for  and for  with a great .

 And I am very sore displeased with the  that are at ease: for I was but a little displeased, and they helped forward the affliction.

 Therefore thus saith the LORD; I am returned to  with mercies: my house shall be built in it, saith the LORD of hosts, and a line shall be stretched forth upon .

 Cry yet, saying, Thus saith the LORD of hosts; My cities through prosperity shall yet be spread abroad; and the LORD shall yet comfort , and shall yet choose .

 Then lifted I up mine eyes, and saw, and behold four horns.

 And I said unto the  that talked with me, What be these? And he answered me, These are the horns which have scattered , , and .

 And the LORD shewed me four carpenters.

 Then said I, What come these to do? And he spake, saying, These are the horns which have scattered , so that no man did lift up his head: but these are come to fray them, to cast out the horns of the , which lifted up their  over the land of  to scatter it.
