King James Version: Zechariah: Zechariah Chapter
King James Version: Zechariah Chapter
And I turned, and lifted up mine eyes, and looked, and, behold, there came four chariots out from between two mountains; and the mountains were mountains of .

 In the first  were red horses; and in the second  black horses;

 And in the third  white horses; and in the fourth  grisled and  horses.

 Then I answered and said unto the  that talked with me, What are these, my lord?

 And the  answered and said unto me, These are the four spirits of the heavens, which go forth from standing before the LORD of all the earth.

 The black horses which are therein go forth into the north country; and the white go forth after them; and the grisled go forth toward the south country.

 And the  went forth, and sought to go that they might walk to and fro through the earth: and he said, Get you hence, walk to and fro through the earth. So they walked to and fro through the earth.

 Then cried he upon me, and spake unto me, saying, Behold, these that go toward the north country have quieted my  in the north country.

 And the word of the LORD came unto me, saying,

 Take of them of the , even of , of , and of , which are come from , and come thou the same day, and go into the house of  the son of ;

 Then take  and , and make crowns, and set them upon the head of  the son of Josedech, the high ;

 And speak unto him, saying, Thus speaketh the LORD of hosts, saying, Behold the man whose name is The ; and he shall grow up out of his place, and he shall build the  of the LORD:

 Even he shall build the  of the LORD; and he shall bear the , and shall sit and rule upon his ; and he shall be a  upon his : and the counsel of peace shall be between them both.

 And the crowns shall be to , and to , and to , and to  the son of , for a memorial in the  of the LORD.

 And they that are far off shall come and build in the  of the LORD, and ye shall know that the LORD of hosts hath sent me unto you. And this shall come to pass, if ye will diligently obey the voice of the LORD your God.
