King James Version: Zechariah: Zechariah Chapter
King James Version: Zechariah Chapter
Behold, the day of the LORD cometh, and thy spoil shall be divided in the midst of thee.

 For I will gather all nations against  to battle; and the city shall be taken, and the houses rifled, and the women ravished; and half of the city shall go forth into , and the residue of the people shall not be cut off from the city.

 Then shall the LORD go forth, and fight against those nations, as when he fought in the day of battle.

 And his feet shall stand in that day upon the  of Olives, which is before  on the , and the  of Olives shall cleave in the midst thereof toward the  and toward the west, and there shall be a very great ; and half of the mountain shall remove toward the north, and half of it toward the south.

 And ye shall flee to the  of the mountains; for the  of the mountains shall reach unto : yea, ye shall flee, like as ye fled from before the  in the days of   of : and the LORD my God shall come, and all the saints with thee.

 And it shall come to pass in that day, that the light shall not be clear, nor dark:

 But it shall be one day which shall be known to the LORD, not day, nor night: but it shall come to pass, that at evening time it shall be light.

 And it shall be in that day, that living waters shall go out from ; half of them toward the former sea, and half of them toward the hinder sea: in summer and in winter shall it be.

 And the LORD shall be  over all the earth: in that day shall there be one LORD, and his name one.

 All the land shall be turned as a  from  to  south of : and it shall be lifted up, and inhabited in her place, from Benjamin's  unto the place of the first , unto the corner , and from the tower of  unto the king's winepresses.

 And men shall dwell in it, and there shall be no more utter ; but  shall be safely inhabited.

 And this shall be the  wherewith the LORD will smite all the people that have fought against ; Their  shall consume away while they stand upon their feet, and their eyes shall consume away in their holes, and their tongue shall consume away in their mouth.

 And it shall come to pass in that day, that a great tumult from the LORD shall be among them; and they shall lay hold every one on the hand of his neighbour, and his hand shall rise up against the hand of his neighbour.

 And  also shall fight at ; and the wealth of all the  round about shall be gathered together, , and , and , in great abundance.

 And so shall be the  of the horse, of the , of the , and of the , and of all the beasts that shall be in these tents, as this .

 And it shall come to pass, that every one that is left of all the nations which came against  shall even go up from year to year to  the , the LORD of hosts, and to keep the  of tabernacles.

 And it shall be, that whoso will not come up of all the families of the earth unto  to  the , the LORD of hosts, even upon them shall be no .

 And if the family of  go not up, and come not, that have no ; there shall be the , wherewith the LORD will smite the  that come not up to keep the  of tabernacles.

 This shall be the  of , and the  of all nations that come not up to keep the  of tabernacles.

 In that day shall there be upon the bells of the horses,  UNTO THE LORD; and the pots in the LORD's house shall be like the bowls before the .

 Yea, every pot in  and in  shall be  unto the LORD of hosts: and all they that  shall come and take of them, and  therein: and in that day there shall be no more the  in the house of the LORD of hosts.
