King James Version:
Chronicles:
Chronicles Chapter
King James Version:
Chronicles Chapter
So all  were reckoned by genealogies; and, behold, they were written in the book of the kings of  and , who were carried away to  for their transgression.

 Now the first inhabitants that dwelt in their possessions in their cities were, the Israelites, the priests, Levites, and the Nethinims.

 And in  dwelt of the children of , and of the children of , and of the children of , and ;

 Uthai the son of , the son of , the son of Imri, the son of , of the children of  the son of .

 And of the Shilonites; Asaiah the firstborn, and his sons.

 And of the sons of ; , and their brethren, six hundred and ninety.

 And of the sons of ;  the son of , the son of Hodaviah, the son of ,

 And Ibneiah the son of , and  the son of , the son of , and  the son of Shephathiah, the son of , the son of Ibnijah;

 And their brethren, according to their generations, nine hundred and fifty and six. All these men were chief of the fathers in the house of their fathers.

 And of the priests; , and , and ,

 And  the son of , the son of , the son of , the son of , the son of , the ruler of the house of God;

 And Adaiah the son of , the son of , the son of Malchijah, and  the son of , the son of , the son of , the son of Meshillemith, the son of ;

 And their brethren, heads of the house of their fathers, a thousand and  hundred and threescore; very able men for the work of the service of the house of God.

 And of the Levites;  the son of Hasshub, the son of Azrikam, the son of , of the sons of ;

 And Bakbakkar, Heresh, and Galal, and  the son of , the son of , the son of ;

 And  the son of , the son of Galal, the son of , and  the son of , the son of , that dwelt in the  of the Netophathites.

 And the porters were, , and , and , and , and their brethren:  was the chief;

 Who hitherto waited in the king's  eastward: they were porters in the companies of the children of .

 And  the son of , the son of Ebiasaph, the son of , and his brethren, of the house of his father, the , were over the work of the service, keepers of the gates of the : and their fathers, being over the  of the LORD, were keepers of the entry.

 And  the son of  was the ruler over them in time past, and the LORD was with him.

 And  the son of  was  of the door of the  of the .

 All these which were  to be porters in the gates were two hundred and twelve. These were reckoned by their genealogy in their , whom  and  the  did ordain in their set office.

 So they and their children had the oversight of the gates of the house of the LORD, namely, the house of the , by wards.

 In four quarters were the porters, toward the , west, north, and south.

 And their brethren, which were in their , were to come after  days from time to time with them.

 For these Levites, the four chief porters, were in their set office, and were over the chambers and treasuries of the house of God.

 And they lodged round about the house of God, because the charge was upon them, and the opening thereof every morning pertained to them.

 And certain of them had the charge of the ministering vessels, that they should bring them in and out by .

 Some of them also were appointed to oversee the vessels, and all the instruments of the , and the fine , and the , and the oil, and the , and the .

 And some of the sons of the priests made the  of the .

 And , one of the Levites, who was the firstborn of  the Korahite, had the set office over the things that were made in the pans.

 And other of their brethren, of the sons of the , were over the , to prepare it every .

 And these are the singers, chief of the fathers of the Levites, who remaining in the chambers were free: for they were employed in that work day and night.

 These chief fathers of the Levites were chief throughout their generations; these dwelt at .

 And in  dwelt the father of , , whose wife's name was :

 And his firstborn son , then , and , and , and , and .

 And , and , and , and .

 And  begat Shimeam. And they also dwelt with their brethren at , over against their brethren.

 And  begat ; and  begat ; and  begat , and Malchishua, and , and .

 And the son of  was Meribbaal: and Meribbaal begat .

 And the sons of  were, Pithon, and , and Tahrea, and .

 And  begat Jarah; and Jarah begat , and , and ; and  begat ;

 And  begat Binea; and Rephaiah his son, Eleasah his son,  his son.

 And  had six sons, whose names are these, Azrikam, Bocheru, and , and Sheariah, and , and : these were the sons of .
