King James Version:
Chronicles:
Chronicles Chapter
King James Version:
Chronicles Chapter
, , Enosh,

 Kenan, , Jered,

 , , ,

 , , , and .

 The sons of ; , and , and , and , and , and , and .

 And the sons of ; Ashchenaz, and , and .

 And the sons of ; , and , , and .

 The sons of ; , and , Put, and .

 And the sons of ; , and , and Sabta, and , and . And the sons of ; , and .

 And  begat : he began to be mighty upon the earth.

 And  begat , and , and Lehabim, and ,

 And Pathrusim, and , (of whom came the ,) and Caphthorim.

 And  begat  his firstborn, and ,

 The Jebusite also, and the Amorite, and the ,

 And the Hivite, and the , and the ,

 And the Arvadite, and the , and the Hamathite.

 The sons of ; , and , and , and , and , and , and , and Gether, and .

 And  begat , and  begat .

 And unto  were born two sons: the name of the one was ; because in his days the earth was divided: and his brother's name was .

 And  begat , and Sheleph, and Hazarmaveth, and Jerah,

  also, and , and Diklah,

 And , and , and ,

 And , and , and . All these were the sons of .

 , , ,

 , , Reu,

 , , ,

 ; the same is .

 The sons of ; , and .

 These are their generations: The firstborn of , ; then , and , and ,

 , and , , , and ,

 , , and . These are the sons of .

 Now the sons of , Abraham's : she bare , and , and , and , and , and . And the sons of ; , and .

 And the sons of ; , and , and , and , and Eldaah. All these are the sons of .

 And  begat . The sons of ;  and .

 The sons of ; , , and , and , and .

 The sons of ; , and , Zephi, and Gatam, , and Timna, and .

 The sons of ; , , , and .

 And the sons of ; , and , and , and , and Dishon, and Ezar, and .

 And the sons of ; Hori, and Homam: and Timna was Lotan's sister.

 The sons of ; Alian, and Manahath, and , Shephi, and Onam. And the sons of ; Aiah, and .

 The sons of ; Dishon. And the sons of Dishon; , and Eshban, and Ithran, and Cheran.

 The sons of ; Bilhan, and Zavan, and Jakan. The sons of ; , and .

 Now these are the kings that reigned in the land of  before any  reigned over the children of ;  the son of : and the name of his city was .

 And when  was dead,  the son of  of  reigned in his stead.

 And when  was dead, Husham of the land of the Temanites reigned in his stead.

 And when Husham was dead,  the son of Bedad, which smote  in the field of , reigned in his stead: and the name of his city was Avith.

 And when  was dead, Samlah of  reigned in his stead.

 And when Samlah was dead, Shaul of  by the river reigned in his stead.

 And when Shaul was dead, Baalhanan the son of  reigned in his stead.

 And when Baalhanan was dead,  reigned in his stead: and the name of his city was Pai; and his wife's name was , the daughter of Matred, the daughter of .

  died also. And the dukes of  were;  ,  Aliah,  ,

  ,  ,  Pinon,

  ,  ,  ,

  Magdiel,  . These are the dukes of .
