King James Version:
Chronicles:
Chronicles Chapter
King James Version:
Chronicles Chapter
So they brought the  of God, and set it in the midst of the  that  had pitched for it: and they offered burnt sacrifices and peace offerings before God.

 And when  had made an end of  the burnt offerings and the peace offerings, he blessed the people in the name of the LORD.

 And he dealt to every one of , both man and woman, to every one a loaf of , and a good piece of , and a  of .

 And he appointed certain of the Levites to  before the  of the LORD, and to record, and to thank and praise the LORD God of :

  the chief, and next to him , , and , and , and , and , and , and Obededom: and  with psalteries and with harps; but  made a sound with ;

  also and  the priests with  continually before the  of the  of God.

 Then on that day  delivered first this psalm to thank the LORD into the hand of  and his brethren.

 Give thanks unto the LORD, call upon his name, make known his deeds among the people.

 Sing unto him, sing  unto him, talk ye of all his wondrous works.

  ye in his holy name: let the heart of them rejoice that seek the LORD.

 Seek the LORD and his strength, seek his face continually.

 Remember his marvellous works that he hath done, his wonders, and the judgments of his mouth;

 O ye seed of  his servant, ye children of , his  ones.

 He is the LORD our God; his judgments are in all the earth.

 Be ye mindful always of his ; the word which he commanded to a thousand generations;

 Even of the  which he made with , and of his  unto ;

 And hath confirmed the same to  for a law, and to  for an  ,

 Saying, Unto thee will I give the land of , the lot of your inheritance;

 When ye were but few, even a few, and strangers in it.

 And when they went from nation to nation, and from one kingdom to another people;

 He suffered no man to do them wrong: yea, he reproved kings for their sakes,

 Saying, Touch not mine anointed, and do my prophets no harm.

 Sing unto the LORD, all the earth; shew forth from day to day his .

 Declare his  among the ; his marvellous works among all nations.

 For great is the LORD, and greatly to be praised: he also is to be feared above all gods.

 For all the gods of the people are idols: but the LORD made the heavens.

  and honour are in his presence; strength and gladness are in his place.

 Give unto the LORD, ye kindreds of the people, give unto the LORD  and strength.

 Give unto the LORD the  due unto his name: bring an , and come before him:  the LORD in the beauty of .

 Fear before him, all the earth: the world also shall be stable, that it be not moved.

 Let the heavens be glad, and let the earth rejoice: and let men say among the nations, The LORD reigneth.

 Let the sea roar, and the  thereof: let the fields rejoice, and all that is therein.

 Then shall the trees of the  sing out at the presence of the LORD, because he cometh to  the earth.

 O give thanks unto the LORD; for he is good; for his  endureth for ever.

 And say ye, Save us, O God of our , and gather us together, and deliver us from the , that we may give thanks to thy holy name, and  in thy praise.

 Blessed be the LORD God of  for ever and ever. And all the people said, , and praised the LORD.

 So he left there before the  of the  of the LORD  and his brethren, to  before the  continually, as every day's work required:

 And Obededom with their brethren, threescore and eight; Obededom also the son of  and  to be porters:

 And  the , and his brethren the priests, before the  of the LORD in the high place that was at ,

 To offer burnt offerings unto the LORD upon the  of the burnt  continually morning and evening, and to do according to all that is written in the law of the LORD, which he commanded ;

 And with them  and , and the rest that were , who were expressed by name, to give thanks to the LORD, because his  endureth for ever;

 And with them  and  with  and  for those that should make a sound, and with musical instruments of God. And the sons of  were porters.

 And all the people departed every man to his house: and  returned to  his house.
