King James Version:
Chronicles:
Chronicles Chapter
King James Version:
Chronicles Chapter
Now these are the divisions of the sons of . The sons of ; , and , , and .

 But  and  died before their father, and had no children: therefore  and  executed the priest's office.

 And  distributed them, both  of the sons of , and  of the sons of , according to their offices in their service.

 And there were more chief men found of the sons of  than of the sons of , and thus were they divided. Among the sons of  there were sixteen chief men of the house of their fathers, and eight among the sons of  according to the house of their fathers.

 Thus were they divided by lot, one sort with another; for the governors of the , and governors of the house of God, were of the sons of , and of the sons of .

 And  the son of  the scribe, one of the Levites, wrote them before the , and the princes, and  the , and  the son of , and before the chief of the fathers of the priests and Levites: one principal household being taken for , and one taken for .

 Now the first lot came forth to , the second to ,

 The third to , the fourth to ,

 The fifth to Malchijah, the sixth to Mijamin,

 The seventh to , the eighth to ,

 The ninth to Jeshuah, the tenth to ,

 The eleventh to , the twelfth to ,

 The thirteenth to Huppah, the fourteenth to ,

 The fifteenth to , the sixteenth to ,

 The seventeenth to , the eighteenth to Aphses,

 The nineteenth to , the twentieth to Jehezekel,

 The one and twentieth to , the two and twentieth to ,

 The three and twentieth to , the four and twentieth to .

 These were the orderings of them in their service to come into the house of the LORD, according to their manner, under  their father, as the LORD God of  had commanded him.

 And the rest of the sons of  were these: Of the sons of ; Shubael: of the sons of Shubael; .

 Concerning : of the sons of , the first was Isshiah.

 Of the Izharites; Shelomoth: of the sons of Shelomoth; .

 And the sons of ; Jeriah the first,  the second,  the third, Jekameam the fourth.

 Of the sons of ; Michah: of the sons of Michah; .

 The brother of Michah was Isshiah: of the sons of Isshiah; .

 The sons of  were Mahli and : the sons of ; Beno.

 The sons of  by ; Beno, and Shoham, and , and Ibri.

 Of Mahli came , who had no sons.

 Concerning : the son of  was .

 The sons also of ; Mahli, and , and . These were the sons of the Levites after the house of their fathers.

 These likewise cast lots over against their brethren the sons of  in the presence of  the , and , and , and the chief of the fathers of the priests and Levites, even the principal fathers over against their younger brethren.
