King James Version:
Chronicles:
Chronicles Chapter
King James Version:
Chronicles Chapter
Now it came to pass after this, that  the  of the children of  died, and his son reigned in his stead.

 And  said, I will shew kindness unto  the son of , because his father shewed kindness to me. And  sent messengers to comfort him concerning his father. So the servants of  came into the land of the children of  to , to comfort him.

 But the princes of the children of  said to , Thinkest thou that  doth honour thy father, that he hath sent comforters unto thee?  are not his servants come unto thee for to search, and to overthrow, and to spy out the land?

 Wherefore  took David's servants, and shaved them, and cut off their garments in the midst hard by their buttocks, and sent them away.

 Then there went certain, and told  how the men were served. And he sent to meet them: for the men were greatly ashamed. And the  said, Tarry at  until your beards be grown, and then return.

 And when the children of  saw that they had made themselves odious to ,  and the children of  sent a thousand talents of  to hire them chariots and horsemen out of , and out of Syriamaachah, and out of .

 So they hired thirty and two thousand chariots, and the  of  and his people; who came and pitched before . And the children of  gathered themselves together from their cities, and came to battle.

 And when  heard of it, he sent , and all the  of the mighty men.

 And the children of  came out, and put the battle in array before the  of the city: and the kings that were come were by themselves in the field.

 Now when  saw that the battle was set against him before and behind, he chose out of all the choice of , and put them in array against the Syrians.

 And the rest of the people he delivered unto the hand of  his brother, and they set themselves in array against the children of .

 And he said, If the Syrians be too strong for me, then thou shalt help me: but if the children of  be too strong for thee, then I will help thee.

 Be of good courage, and let us behave ourselves valiantly for our people, and for the cities of our God: and let the LORD do that which is good in his sight.

 So  and the people that were with him drew nigh before the Syrians unto the battle; and they fled before him.

 And when the children of  saw that the Syrians were fled, they likewise fled before  his brother, and entered into the city. Then  came to .

 And when the Syrians saw that they were put to the worse before , they sent messengers, and drew forth the Syrians that were beyond the river: and Shophach the captain of the  of  went before them.

 And it was told ; and he gathered all , and passed over , and came upon them, and set the battle in array against them. So when  had put the battle in array against the Syrians, they fought with him.

 But the Syrians fled before ; and  slew of the Syrians  thousand men which fought in chariots, and forty thousand footmen, and killed Shophach the captain of the .

 And when the servants of  saw that they were put to the worse before , they made peace with , and became his servants: neither would the Syrians help the children of  any more.
