King James Version:
Chronicles:
Chronicles Chapter
King James Version:
Chronicles Chapter
Then  said, This is the house of the LORD God, and this is the  of the burnt  for .

 And  commanded to gather together the strangers that were in the land of ; and he set masons to hew wrought stones to build the house of God.

 And  prepared  in abundance for the nails for the  of the gates, and for the joinings; and  in abundance without weight;

 Also  trees in abundance: for the Zidonians and they of  brought much   to .

 And  said,  my son is young and tender, and the house that is to be builded for the LORD must be exceeding magnifical, of fame and of  throughout all countries: I will therefore now make preparation for it. So  prepared abundantly before his death.

 Then he called for  his son, and charged him to build an house for the LORD God of .

 And  said to , My son, as for me, it was in my mind to build an house unto the name of the LORD my God:

 But the word of the LORD came to me, saying, Thou hast shed  abundantly, and hast made great wars: thou shalt not build an house unto my name, because thou hast shed much  upon the earth in my sight.

 Behold, a son shall be born to thee, who shall be a man of rest; and I will give him rest from all his enemies round about: for his name shall be , and I will give peace and quietness unto  in his days.

 He shall build an house for my name; and he shall be my son, and I will be his father; and I will establish the  of his kingdom over  for ever.

 Now, my son, the LORD be with thee; and prosper thou, and build the house of the LORD thy God, as he hath said of thee.

 Only the LORD give thee wisdom and understanding, and give thee charge concerning , that thou mayest keep the law of the LORD thy God.

 Then shalt thou prosper, if thou takest heed to fulfil the statutes and judgments which the LORD charged  with concerning : be strong, and of good courage; dread not, nor be dismayed.

 Now, behold, in my trouble I have prepared for the house of the LORD an hundred thousand talents of , and a thousand thousand talents of ; and of  and  without weight; for it is in abundance: timber also and  have I prepared; and thou mayest add thereto.

 Moreover there are workmen with thee in abundance, hewers and workers of  and timber, and all manner of cunning men for every manner of work.

 Of the , the , and the , and the , there is no number. Arise therefore, and be doing, and the LORD be with thee.

  also commanded all the princes of  to help  his son, saying,

 Is not the LORD your God with you? and hath he not given you rest on every side? for he hath given the inhabitants of the land into mine hand; and the land is subdued before the LORD, and before his people.

 Now set your heart and your soul to seek the LORD your God; arise therefore, and build ye the  of the LORD God, to bring the  of the  of the LORD, and the holy vessels of God, into the house that is to be built to the name of the LORD.
