King James Version:
Chronicles:
Chronicles Chapter
King James Version:
Chronicles Chapter
And  assembled all the princes of , the princes of the tribes, and the captains of the companies that ministered to the  by course, and the captains over the , and captains over the hundreds, and the stewards over all the substance and possession of the , and of his sons, with the officers, and with the mighty men, and with all the valiant men, unto .

 Then  the  stood up upon his feet, and said, Hear me, my brethren, and my people: As for me, I had in mine heart to build an house of rest for the  of the  of the LORD, and for the  of our God, and had made ready for the building:

 But God said unto me, Thou shalt not build an house for my name, because thou hast been a man of war, and hast shed .

 Howbeit the LORD God of  chose me before all the house of my father to be  over  for ever: for he hath   to be the ruler; and of the house of , the house of my father; and among the sons of my father he liked me to make me  over all :

 And of all my sons, (for the LORD hath given me many sons,) he hath   my son to sit upon the  of the kingdom of the LORD over .

 And he said unto me,  thy son, he shall build my house and my courts: for I have  him to be my son, and I will be his father.

 Moreover I will establish his kingdom for ever, if he be constant to do my commandments and my judgments, as at this day.

 Now therefore in the sight of all  the  of the LORD, and in the audience of our God, keep and seek for all the commandments of the LORD your God: that ye may possess this good land, and leave it for an inheritance for your children after you for ever.

 And thou,  my son, know thou the God of thy father, and serve him with a perfect heart and with a willing mind: for the LORD searcheth all hearts, and understandeth all the imaginations of the thoughts: if thou seek him, he will be found of thee; but if thou forsake him, he will cast thee off for ever.

 Take heed now; for the LORD hath  thee to build an house for the : be strong, and do it.

 Then  gave to  his son the pattern of the porch, and of the houses thereof, and of the treasuries thereof, and of the upper chambers thereof, and of the inner parlours thereof, and of the place of the  seat,

 And the pattern of all that he had by the , of the courts of the house of the LORD, and of all the chambers round about, of the treasuries of the house of God, and of the treasuries of the dedicated things:

 Also for the  of the priests and the Levites, and for all the work of the service of the house of the LORD, and for all the vessels of service in the house of the LORD.

 He gave of  by weight for things of , for all instruments of all manner of service;  also for all instruments of  by weight, for all instruments of every kind of service:

 Even the weight for the candlesticks of , and for their lamps of , by weight for every , and for the lamps thereof: and for the candlesticks of  by weight, both for the , and also for the lamps thereof, according to the use of every .

 And by weight he gave  for the  of , for every table; and likewise  for the  of :

 Also pure  for the fleshhooks, and the bowls, and the cups: and for the golden basons he gave  by weight for every bason; and likewise  by weight for every bason of :

 And for the  of  refined  by weight; and  for the pattern of the  of the cherubims, that spread out their wings, and covered the  of the  of the LORD.

 All this, said , the LORD made me understand in  by his hand upon me, even all the works of this pattern.

 And  said to  his son, Be strong and of good courage, and do it: fear not, nor be dismayed: for the LORD God, even my God, will be with thee; he will not fail thee, nor forsake thee, until thou hast finished all the work for the service of the house of the LORD.

 And, behold, the  of the priests and the Levites, even they shall be with thee for all the service of the house of God: and there shall be with thee for all manner of workmanship every willing skilful man, for any manner of service: also the princes and all the people will be wholly at thy commandment.
