King James Version:
Chronicles:
Chronicles Chapter
King James Version:
Chronicles Chapter
So when  was old and full of days, he made  his son  over .

 And he gathered together all the princes of , with the priests and the Levites.

 Now the Levites were numbered from the age of thirty years and upward: and their number by their polls, man by man, was thirty and eight thousand.

 Of which, twenty and four thousand were to set forward the work of the house of the LORD; and six thousand were officers and judges:

 Moreover four thousand were porters; and four thousand praised the LORD with the instruments which I made, said , to praise therewith.

 And  divided them into  among the sons of , namely, , , and .

 Of the Gershonites were, Laadan, and .

 The sons of Laadan; the chief was , and , and , three.

 The sons of ; Shelomith, and Haziel, and , three. These were the chief of the fathers of Laadan.

 And the sons of  were, , , and , and . These four were the sons of .

 And  was the chief, and  the second: but  and  had not many sons; therefore they were in one reckoning, according to their father's house.

 The sons of ; , , , and , four.

 The sons of ;  and : and  was separated, that he should sanctify the most holy things, he and his sons for ever, to burn  before the LORD, to  unto him, and to  in his name for ever.

 Now concerning  the man of God, his sons were named of the  of .

 The sons of  were, , and .

 Of the sons of ,  was the chief.

 And the sons of  were,  the chief. And  had none other sons; but the sons of  were very many.

 Of the sons of ; Shelomith the chief.

 Of the sons of ; Jeriah the first,  the second,  the third, and Jekameam the fourth.

 Of the sons of ;  the first and Jesiah the second.

 The sons of ; Mahli, and . The sons of Mahli; , and .

 And  died, and had no sons, but daughters: and their brethren the sons of  took them.

 The sons of ; Mahli, and , and Jeremoth, three.

 These were the sons of  after the house of their fathers; even the chief of the fathers, as they were counted by number of names by their polls, that did the work for the service of the house of the LORD, from the age of twenty years and upward.

 For  said, The LORD God of  hath given rest unto his people, that they may dwell in  for ever:

 And also unto the Levites; they shall no more carry the , nor any vessels of it for the service thereof.

 For by the last words of  the Levites were numbered from twenty years old and above:

 Because their office was to wait on the sons of  for the service of the house of the LORD, in the courts, and in the chambers, and in the purifying of all holy things, and the work of the service of the house of God;

 Both for the , and for the fine  for meat , and for the unleavened cakes, and for that which is baked in the , and for that which is fried, and for all manner of measure and size;

 And to stand every morning to thank and praise the LORD, and likewise at even:

 And to offer all burnt sacrifices unto the LORD in the sabbaths, in the new moons, and on the set feasts, by number, according to the order commanded unto them, continually before the LORD:

 And that they should keep the charge of the  of the , and the charge of the holy place, and the charge of the sons of  their brethren, in the service of the house of the LORD.
