King James Version:
Chronicles:
Chronicles Chapter
King James Version:
Chronicles Chapter
Now  begat  his firstborn, Ashbel the second, and Aharah the third,

 Nohah the fourth, and  the fifth.

 And the sons of  were, , and , and ,

 And , and , and ,

 And , and Shephuphan, and Huram.

 And these are the sons of : these are the heads of the fathers of the inhabitants of , and they removed them to Manahath:

 And , and Ahiah, and , he removed them, and begat , and .

 And Shaharaim begat children in the country of , after he had sent them away; Hushim and Baara were his wives.

 And he begat of Hodesh his wife, , and , and , and Malcham,

 And Jeuz, and Shachia, and Mirma. These were his sons, heads of the fathers.

 And of Hushim he begat , and Elpaal.

 The sons of Elpaal; , and , and Shamed, who built , and Lod, with the towns thereof:

  also, and , who were heads of the fathers of the inhabitants of Aijalon, who drove away the inhabitants of :

 And , Shashak, and Jeremoth,

 And , and , and Ader,

 And , and Ispah, and Joha, the sons of ;

 And , and , and Hezeki, and ,

 Ishmerai also, and Jezliah, and , the sons of Elpaal;

 And , and , and ,

 And Elienai, and , and ,

 And Adaiah, and Beraiah, and , the sons of ;

 And Ishpan, and , and ,

 And , and , and ,

 And , and , and Antothijah,

 And , and , the sons of Shashak;

 And Shamsherai, and Shehariah, and ,

 And Jaresiah, and Eliah, and , the sons of .

 These were heads of the fathers, by their generations, chief men. These dwelt in .

 And at  dwelt the father of ; whose wife's name was :

 And his firstborn son , and , and , and , and ,

 And , and , and .

 And  begat . And these also dwelt with their brethren in , over against them.

 And  begat , and  begat , and  begat , and Malchishua, and , and .

 And the son of  was Meribbaal; and Meribbaal begat .

 And the sons of  were, Pithon, and , and Tarea, and .

 And  begat Jehoadah; and Jehoadah begat , and , and ; and  begat ,

 And  begat Binea:  was his son, Eleasah his son,  his son:

 And  had six sons, whose names are these, Azrikam, Bocheru, and , and Sheariah, and , and . All these were the sons of .

 And the sons of Eshek his brother were, Ulam his firstborn, Jehush the second, and  the third.

 And the sons of Ulam were mighty men of valour, archers, and had many sons, and sons' sons, an hundred and fifty. All these are of the sons of .
