King James Version:
Chronicles:
Chronicles Chapter
King James Version:
Chronicles Chapter
Now the sons of  were, , and , , and , four.

 And the sons of ; , and Rephaiah, and Jeriel, and Jahmai, and Jibsam, and , heads of their father's house, to wit, of : they were valiant men of might in their generations; whose number was in the days of  two and twenty thousand and six hundred.

 And the sons of ; Izrahiah: and the sons of Izrahiah; , and , and , Ishiah, five: all of them chief men.

 And with them, by their generations, after the house of their fathers, were  of soldiers for war, six and thirty thousand men: for they had many wives and sons.

 And their brethren among all the families of  were valiant men of might, reckoned in all by their genealogies fourscore and  thousand.

 The sons of ; , and , and , three.

 And the sons of ; Ezbon, and , and , and , and Iri, five; heads of the house of their fathers, mighty men of valour; and were reckoned by their genealogies twenty and two thousand and thirty and four.

 And the sons of ; , and , and , and , and , and , and Abiah, and , and Alameth. All these are the sons of .

 And the number of them, after their genealogy by their generations, heads of the house of their fathers, mighty men of valour, was twenty thousand and two hundred.

 The sons also of ; Bilhan: and the sons of Bilhan; , and , and , and , and , and , and Ahishahar.

 All these the sons of , by the heads of their fathers, mighty men of valour, were seventeen thousand and two hundred soldiers, fit to go out for war and battle.

 Shuppim also, and Huppim, the children of Ir, and Hushim, the sons of Aher.

 The sons of ; Jahziel, and Guni, and Jezer, and , the sons of .

 The sons of ; Ashriel, whom she bare: (but his  the Aramitess bare  the father of :

 And  took to wife the sister of Huppim and Shuppim, whose sister's name was ;) and the name of the second was : and  had daughters.

 And  the wife of  bare a son, and she called his name Peresh; and the name of his brother was ; and his sons were Ulam and Rakem.

 And the sons of Ulam; . These were the sons of , the son of , the son of .

 And his sister  bare Ishod, and , and Mahalah.

 And the sons of Shemidah were, Ahian, and , and Likhi, and Aniam.

 And the sons of ; Shuthelah, and  his son, and Tahath his son, and Eladah his son, and Tahath his son,

 And  his son, and Shuthelah his son, and , and Elead, whom the men of  that were born in that land slew, because they came down to take away their .

 And  their father mourned many days, and his brethren came to comfort him.

 And when he went in to his wife, she conceived, and bare a son, and he called his name , because it went evil with his house.

 (And his daughter was Sherah, who built Bethhoron the nether, and the upper, and Uzzensherah.)

 And Rephah was his son, also Resheph, and Telah his son, and Tahan his son.

 Laadan his son,  his son,  his son.

 Non his son, Jehoshuah his son.

 And their possessions and habitations were,  and the towns thereof, and eastward , and  , with the towns thereof;  also and the towns thereof, unto  and the towns thereof:

 And by the borders of the children of , Bethshean and her towns,  and her towns,  and her towns,  and her towns. In these dwelt the children of  the son of .

 The sons of ; Imnah, and Isuah, and Ishuai, and , and  their sister.

 And the sons of ; , and Malchiel, who is the father of Birzavith.

 And  begat Japhlet, and , and Hotham, and  their sister.

 And the sons of Japhlet; , and Bimhal, and Ashvath. These are the children of Japhlet.

 And the sons of Shamer; Ahi, and Rohgah, Jehubbah, and .

 And the sons of his brother ; , and Imna, and Shelesh, and Amal.

 The sons of ; Suah, and , and Shual, and Beri, and Imrah,

 , and Hod, and Shamma, and Shilshah, and Ithran, and Beera.

 And the sons of ; , and Pispah, and Ara.

 And the sons of Ulla; Arah, and Haniel, and Rezia.

 All these were the children of , heads of their father's house, choice and mighty men of valour, chief of the princes. And the number throughout the genealogy of them that were apt to the war and to battle was twenty and six thousand men.
