King James Version:
Chronicles:
Chronicles Chapter
King James Version:
Chronicles Chapter
Now the sons of  the firstborn of , (for he was the firstborn; but forasmuch as he defiled his father's bed, his  was given unto the sons of  the son of : and the genealogy is not to be reckoned after the .

 For  prevailed above his brethren, and of him came the chief ruler; but the  was Joseph's:)

 The sons, I say, of  the firstborn of  were, Hanoch, and , , and .

 The sons of ;  his son,  his son,  his son,

  his son, Reaia his son,  his son,

 Beerah his son, whom Tilgathpilneser  of  carried away : he was  of the Reubenites.

 And his brethren by their families, when the genealogy of their generations was reckoned, were the chief, , and ,

 And  the son of Azaz, the son of , the son of , who dwelt in , even unto  and Baalmeon:

 And eastward he inhabited unto the entering in of the  from the river : because their  were multiplied in the land of .

 And in the days of  they made war with the Hagarites, who fell by their hand: and they dwelt in their tents throughout all the  land of .

 And the children of  dwelt over against them, in the land of  unto :

  the chief, and Shapham the next, and , and  in .

 And their brethren of the house of their fathers were, , and , and , and Jorai, and , and , and , .

 These are the children of  the son of Huri, the son of Jaroah, the son of , the son of , the son of Jeshishai, the son of Jahdo, the son of ;

 Ahi the son of , the son of Guni, chief of the house of their fathers.

 And they dwelt in  in , and in her towns, and in all the  of , upon their borders.

 All these were reckoned by genealogies in the days of   of , and in the days of   of .

 The sons of , and the Gadites, and half the  of , of valiant men, men able to bear  and , and to shoot with , and skilful in war, were four and forty thousand  hundred and threescore, that went out to the war.

 And they made war with the Hagarites, with , and Nephish, and .

 And they were helped against them, and the Hagarites were delivered into their hand, and all that were with them: for they cried to God in the battle, and he was intreated of them; because they put their trust in him.

 And they took away their ; of their camels fifty thousand, and of  two hundred and fifty thousand, and of asses two thousand, and of men an hundred thousand.

 For there fell down many slain, because the war was of God. And they dwelt in their steads until the .

 And the children of the half  of  dwelt in the land: they increased from  unto Baalhermon and , and unto  .

 And these were the heads of the house of their fathers, even , and , and , and Azriel, and , and Hodaviah, and Jahdiel, mighty men of valour, famous men, and heads of the house of their fathers.

 And they transgressed against the God of their fathers, and went a whoring after the gods of the people of the land, whom God destroyed before them.

 And the God of  stirred up the  of   of , and the  of Tilgathpilneser  of , and he carried them away, even the Reubenites, and the Gadites, and the half  of , and brought them unto , and , and , and to the river , unto this day.
