King James Version:
Chronicles:
Chronicles Chapter
King James Version:
Chronicles Chapter
These are the sons of ; , , , and , , and ,

 , , and , , , and .

 The sons of ; Er, and , and : which three were born unto him of the daughter of  the Canaanitess. And Er, the firstborn of , was evil in the sight of the LORD; and he slew him.

 And  his daughter in law bore him  and . All the sons of  were five.

 The sons of ; , and .

 And the sons of ; , and , and , and , and Dara: five of them in all.

 And the sons of ; Achar, the troubler of , who transgressed in the thing accursed.

 And the sons of ; .

 The sons also of , that were born unto him; , and , and Chelubai.

 And  begat ; and  begat ,  of the children of ;

 And  begat Salma, and Salma begat ,

 And  begat , and  begat ,

 And  begat his firstborn , and  the second, and Shimma the third,

  the fourth, Raddai the fifth,

  the sixth,  the seventh:

 Whose sisters were , and . And the sons of ; , and , and , three.

 And  bare : and the father of  was  the Ishmeelite.

 And  the son of  begat children of  his wife, and of Jerioth: her sons are these; , and , and .

 And when  was dead,  took unto him Ephrath, which bare him .

 And  begat Uri, and Uri begat .

 And afterward  went in to the daughter of  the father of , whom he married when he was threescore years old; and she bare him .

 And  begat , who had three and twenty cities in the land of .

 And he took , and , with the towns of , from them, with , and the towns thereof, even threescore cities. All these belonged to the sons of  the father of .

 And after that  was dead in Calebephratah, then Abiah Hezron's wife bare him Ashur the father of Tekoa.

 And the sons of  the firstborn of  were,  the firstborn, and Bunah, and , and , and .

  had also another wife, whose name was Atarah; she was the mother of Onam.

 And the sons of  the firstborn of  were, Maaz, and Jamin, and Eker.

 And the sons of Onam were, Shammai, and Jada. And the sons of Shammai;  and .

 And the name of the wife of  was , and she bare him Ahban, and Molid.

 And the sons of ; Seled, and Appaim: but Seled died without children.

 And the sons of Appaim; . And the sons of ; Sheshan. And the children of Sheshan; Ahlai.

 And the sons of Jada the brother of Shammai; , and : and  died without children.

 And the sons of ; , and . These were the sons of .

 Now Sheshan had no sons, but daughters. And Sheshan had a servant, an Egyptian, whose name was Jarha.

 And Sheshan gave his daughter to Jarha his servant to wife; and she bare him Attai.

 And Attai begat , and  begat ,

 And  begat Ephlal, and Ephlal begat ,

 And  begat , and  begat ,

 And  begat , and  begat Eleasah,

 And Eleasah begat Sisamai, and Sisamai begat ,

 And  begat Jekamiah, and Jekamiah begat .

 Now the sons of  the brother of  were,  his firstborn, which was the father of ; and the sons of  the father of .

 And the sons of ; , and , and , and .

 And  begat , the father of Jorkoam: and  begat Shammai.

 And the son of Shammai was : and  was the father of .

 And , Caleb's , bare , and , and Gazez: and  begat Gazez.

 And the sons of ; Regem, and , and Gesham, and , and , and Shaaph.

 , Caleb's , bare Sheber, and Tirhanah.

 She bare also Shaaph the father of ,  the father of Machbenah, and the father of Gibea: and the daughter of  was Achsa.

 These were the sons of  the son of , the firstborn of ;  the father of Kirjathjearim.

 Salma the father of , Hareph the father of Bethgader.

 And  the father of Kirjathjearim had sons; Haroeh, and half of the Manahethites.

 And the families of Kirjathjearim; the Ithrites, and the Puhites, and the Shumathites, and the Mishraites; of them came the Zareathites, and the Eshtaulites,

 The sons of Salma; , and the Netophathites, , the house of , and half of the Manahethites, the Zorites.

 And the families of the  which dwelt at ; the Tirathites, the Shimeathites, and Suchathites. These are the  that came of , the father of the house of .
