King James Version:
Chronicles:
Chronicles Chapter
King James Version:
Chronicles Chapter
Now these are they that came to  to , while he yet kept himself close because of  the son of : and they were among the mighty men, helpers of the war.

 They were armed with bows, and could use both the right hand and the left in hurling stones and shooting  out of a , even of Saul's brethren of .

 The chief was , then , the sons of  the Gibeathite; and , and , the sons of ; and , and  the .

 And Ismaiah the Gibeonite, a mighty man among the thirty, and over the thirty; and , and , and , and Josabad the ,

 Eluzai, and , and , and , and  the ,

 , and Jesiah, and Azareel, and , and , the ,

 And , and , the sons of  of .

 And of the Gadites there separated themselves unto  into the hold to the  men of might, and men of war fit for the battle, that could handle  and , whose faces were like the faces of , and were as swift as the roes upon the mountains;

  the first,  the second,  the third,

  the fourth,  the fifth,

 Attai the sixth,  the seventh,

  the eighth, Elzabad the ninth,

  the tenth,  the eleventh.

 These were of the sons of , captains of the : one of the least was over an hundred, and the greatest over a thousand.

 These are they that went over  in the first month, when it had overflown all his banks; and they put to flight all them of the valleys, both toward the , and toward the west.

 And there came of the children of  and  to the hold unto .

 And  went out to meet them, and answered and said unto them, If ye be come peaceably unto me to help me, mine heart shall be knit unto you: but if ye be come to betray me to mine enemies, seeing there is no wrong in mine hands, the God of our fathers look thereon, and rebuke it.

 Then the  came upon , who was chief of the captains, and he said, Thine are we, , and on thy side, thou son of : peace, peace be unto thee, and peace be to thine helpers; for thy God helpeth thee. Then  received them, and made them captains of the band.

 And there fell some of  to , when he came with the  against  to battle: but they helped them not: for the lords of the  upon advisement sent him away, saying, He will fall to his master  to the jeopardy of our heads.

 As he went to , there fell to him of , , and , and , and , and , and , and , captains of the  that were of .

 And they helped  against the band of the rovers: for they were all mighty men of valour, and were captains in the .

 For at that time day by day there came to  to help him, until it was a great , like the  of God.

 And these are the numbers of the  that were ready armed to the war, and came to  to , to turn the kingdom of  to him, according to the word of the LORD.

 The children of  that bare  and spear were six thousand and eight hundred, ready armed to the war.

 Of the children of , mighty men of valour for the war,  thousand and one hundred.

 Of the children of  four thousand and six hundred.

 And  was the leader of the , and with him were three thousand and  hundred;

 And , a young man mighty of valour, and of his father's house twenty and two captains.

 And of the children of , the kindred of , three thousand: for hitherto the greatest part of them had kept the  of the house of .

 And of the children of  twenty thousand and eight hundred, mighty men of valour, famous throughout the house of their fathers.

 And of the half  of  eighteen thousand, which were expressed by name, to come and make  .

 And of the children of , which were men that had understanding of the times, to know what  ought to do; the heads of them were two hundred; and all their brethren were at their commandment.

 Of , such as went forth to battle, expert in war, with all instruments of war, fifty thousand, which could keep rank: they were not of double heart.

 And of  a thousand captains, and with them with  and spear thirty and  thousand.

 And of the Danites expert in war twenty and eight thousand and six hundred.

 And of , such as went forth to battle, expert in war, forty thousand.

 And on the other side of , of the Reubenites, and the Gadites, and of the half  of , with all manner of instruments of war for the battle, an hundred and twenty thousand.

 All these men of war, that could keep rank, came with a perfect heart to , to make   over all : and all the rest also of  were of one heart to make  .

 And there they were with  three days,  and drinking: for their brethren had prepared for them.

 Moreover they that were nigh them, even unto  and  and , brought  on asses, and on camels, and on mules, and on oxen, and meat, meal, cakes of figs, and bunches of , and , and oil, and oxen, and  abundantly: for there was joy in .
