King James Version:
Chronicles:
Chronicles Chapter
King James Version:
Chronicles Chapter
The sons of ; , , and , and , and .

 And Reaiah the son of  begat ; and  begat Ahumai, and Lahad. These are the families of the Zorathites.

 And these were of the father of ; , and Ishma, and Idbash: and the name of their sister was Hazelelponi:

 And  the father of , and  the father of Hushah. These are the sons of , the firstborn of , the father of .

 And Ashur the father of Tekoa had two wives,  and .

 And  bare him Ahuzam, and , and , and Haahashtari. These were the sons of .

 And the sons of  were, Zereth, and Jezoar, and Ethnan.

 And Coz begat Anub, and Zobebah, and the families of Aharhel the son of .

 And  was more honourable than his brethren: and his mother called his name , saying, Because I bare him with sorrow.

 And  called on the God of , saying, Oh that thou wouldest  me indeed, and enlarge my coast, and that thine hand might be with me, and that thou wouldest keep me from evil, that it may not grieve me! And God granted him that which he requested.

 And Chelub the brother of  begat Mehir, which was the father of Eshton.

 And Eshton begat Bethrapha, and Paseah, and Tehinnah the father of Irnahash. These are the men of Rechah.

 And the sons of ; , and : and the sons of ; .

 And Meonothai begat : and  begat , the father of the  of ; for they were craftsmen.

 And the sons of  the son of ; Iru, , and : and the sons of , even .

 And the sons of ; , and , Tiria, and Asareel.

 And the sons of  were, , and , and , and : and she bare , and Shammai, and Ishbah the father of .

 And his wife Jehudijah bare Jered the father of , and  the father of , and Jekuthiel the father of . And these are the sons of Bithiah the daughter of , which  took.

 And the sons of his wife Hodiah the sister of Naham, the father of  the Garmite, and  the Maachathite.

 And the sons of Shimon were, , and Rinnah, Benhanan, and Tilon. And the sons of  were, , and Benzoheth.

 The sons of  the son of  were, Er the father of Lecah, and Laadah the father of , and the families of the house of them that wrought fine , of the house of Ashbea,

 And , and the men of , and , and Saraph, who had the dominion in , and Jashubilehem. And these are ancient things.

 These were the potters, and those that dwelt among plants and hedges: there they dwelt with the  for his work.

 The sons of  were, , and Jamin, , , and Shaul:

  his son,  his son,  his son.

 And the sons of ; Hamuel his son, Zacchur his son,  his son.

 And  had sixteen sons and six daughters: but his brethren had not many children, neither did all their family multiply, like to the children of .

 And they dwelt at , and , and Hazarshual,

 And at , and at Ezem, and at ,

 And at , and at , and at ,

 And at Bethmarcaboth, and Hazarsusim, and at Bethbirei, and at . These were their cities unto the reign of .

 And their  were, , and Ain, , and , and Ashan, five cities:

 And all their  that were round about the same cities, unto . These were their habitations, and their genealogy.

 And Meshobab, and Jamlech, and Joshah, the son of ,

 And , and  the son of Josibiah, the son of , the son of Asiel,

 And , and , and Jeshohaiah, and Asaiah, and , and Jesimiel, and ,

 And  the son of Shiphi, the son of , the son of , the son of , the son of ;

 These mentioned by their names were princes in their families: and the house of their fathers increased greatly.

 And they went to the entrance of , even unto the  side of the , to seek pasture for their flocks.

 And they found  pasture and good, and the land was wide, and quiet, and peaceable; for they of  had dwelt there of old.

 And these written by name came in the days of   of , and smote their tents, and the habitations that were found there, and destroyed them utterly unto this day, and dwelt in their rooms: because there was pasture there for their flocks.

 And some of them, even of the sons of , five hundred men, went to  , having for their captains , and Neariah, and Rephaiah, and , the sons of .

 And they smote the rest of the Amalekites that were escaped, and dwelt there unto this day.
