King James Version:
Chronicles:
Chronicles Chapter
King James Version:
Chronicles Chapter
Now the children of  after their number, to wit, the chief fathers and captains of  and hundreds, and their officers that served the  in any matter of the , which came in and went out month by month throughout all the months of the year, of every course were twenty and four thousand.

 Over the first course for the first month was  the son of : and in his course were twenty and four thousand.

 Of the children of  was the chief of all the captains of the  for the first month.

 And over the course of the second month was  an , and of his course was  also the ruler: in his course likewise were twenty and four thousand.

 The third captain of the  for the third month was  the son of , a chief : and in his course were twenty and four thousand.

 This is that , who was mighty among the thirty, and above the thirty: and in his course was  his son.

 The fourth captain for the fourth month was  the brother of , and  his son after him: and in his course were twenty and four thousand.

 The fifth captain for the fifth month was Shamhuth the : and in his course were twenty and four thousand.

 The sixth captain for the sixth month was  the son of Ikkesh the Tekoite: and in his course were twenty and four thousand.

 The seventh captain for the seventh month was  the Pelonite, of the children of : and in his course were twenty and four thousand.

 The eighth captain for the eighth month was  the Hushathite, of the Zarhites: and in his course were twenty and four thousand.

 The ninth captain for the ninth month was  the Anetothite, of the Benjamites: and in his course were twenty and four thousand.

 The tenth captain for the tenth month was Maharai the Netophathite, of the Zarhites: and in his course were twenty and four thousand.

 The eleventh captain for the eleventh month was  the , of the children of : and in his course were twenty and four thousand.

 The twelfth captain for the twelfth month was  the Netophathite, of : and in his course were twenty and four thousand.

 Furthermore over the tribes of : the ruler of the Reubenites was  the son of : of the Simeonites,  the son of :

 Of the Levites,  the son of : of the , :

 Of , , one of the brethren of : of ,  the son of :

 Of ,  the son of : of ,  the son of Azriel:

 Of the children of ,  the son of : of the half  of ,  the son of :

 Of the half  of  in ,  the son of : of ,  the son of :

 Of , Azareel the son of . These were the princes of the tribes of .

 But  took not the number of them from twenty years old and under: because the LORD had said he would increase  like to the  of the heavens.

  the son of  began to number, but he finished not, because there fell wrath for it against ; neither was the number put in the account of the  of  .

 And over the king's treasures was  the son of : and over the storehouses in the fields, in the cities, and in the , and in the castles, was  the son of :

 And over them that did the work of the field for tillage of the ground was  the son of Chelub:

 And over the vineyards was  the : over the increase of the vineyards for the  cellars was  the :

 And over the  trees and the sycomore trees that were in the low plains was Baalhanan the Gederite: and over the cellars of oil was :

 And over the herds that fed in  was Shitrai the Sharonite: and over the herds that were in the valleys was  the son of Adlai:

 Over the camels also was  the Ishmaelite: and over the asses was  the :

 And over the flocks was Jaziz the Hagerite. All these were the rulers of the substance which was  David's.

 Also  David's uncle was a , a  man, and a scribe: and  the son of Hachmoni was with the king's sons:

 And  was the king's : and  the  was the king's companion:

 And after  was  the son of , and : and the general of the king's army was .
