King James Version:
Chronicles:
Chronicles Chapter
King James Version:
Chronicles Chapter
Concerning the divisions of the porters: Of the  was  the son of , of the sons of .

 And the sons of  were,  the firstborn,  the second,  the third, Jathniel the fourth,

  the fifth,  the sixth,  the seventh.

 Moreover the sons of Obededom were,  the firstborn,  the second,  the third, and Sacar the fourth, and  the fifth.

  the sixth,  the seventh,  the eighth: for God blessed him.

 Also unto  his son were sons born, that ruled throughout the house of their father: for they were mighty men of valour.

 The sons of ; , and , and , Elzabad, whose brethren were strong men, , and Semachiah.

 All these of the sons of Obededom: they and their sons and their brethren, able men for strength for the service, were threescore and two of Obededom.

 And  had sons and brethren, strong men, eighteen.

 Also , of the children of , had sons;  the chief, (for though he was not the firstborn, yet his father made him the chief;)

  the second, Tebaliah the third,  the fourth: all the sons and brethren of  were thirteen.

 Among these were the divisions of the porters, even among the chief men, having wards one against another, to  in the house of the LORD.

 And they cast lots, as well the small as the great, according to the house of their fathers, for every .

 And the lot eastward fell to . Then for  his son, a  , they cast lots; and his lot came out .

 To Obededom southward; and to his sons the house of .

 To Shuppim and  the lot came forth , with the  Shallecheth, by the  of the going up,  against .

 Eastward were six Levites,  four a day, southward four a day, and toward  two and two.

 At  , four at the , and two at .

 These are the divisions of the porters among the sons of , and among the sons of .

 And of the Levites,  was over the treasures of the house of God, and over the treasures of the dedicated things.

 As concerning the sons of Laadan; the sons of the Gershonite Laadan, chief fathers, even of Laadan the Gershonite, were Jehieli.

 The sons of Jehieli; , and  his brother, which were over the treasures of the house of the LORD.

 Of the Amramites, and the Izharites, the Hebronites, and the Uzzielites:

 And  the son of , the son of , was ruler of the treasures.

 And his brethren by ;  his son, and  his son, and  his son, and  his son, and Shelomith his son.

 Which Shelomith and his brethren were over all the treasures of the dedicated things, which  the , and the chief fathers, the captains over  and hundreds, and the captains of the , had dedicated.

 Out of the spoils won in battles did they dedicate to maintain the house of the LORD.

 And all that  the , and  the son of , and  the son of , and  the son of , had dedicated; and whosoever had dedicated any thing, it was under the hand of Shelomith, and of his brethren.

 Of the Izharites, Chenaniah and his sons were for the outward business over , for officers and judges.

 And of the Hebronites,  and his brethren, men of valour, a thousand and  hundred, were officers among them of  on this side   in all the business of the LORD, and in the service of the .

 Among the Hebronites was Jerijah the chief, even among the Hebronites, according to the generations of his fathers. In the fortieth year of the reign of  they were sought for, and there were found among them mighty men of valour at Jazer of .

 And his brethren, men of valour, were two thousand and  hundred chief fathers, whom   made rulers over the Reubenites, the Gadites, and the half  of , for every matter pertaining to God, and affairs of the .
