King James Version:
Chronicles:
Chronicles Chapter
King James Version:
Chronicles Chapter
The sons of ; , , and .

 And the sons of ; , , and , and .

 And the children of ; , and , and . The sons also of ; , and , , and .

  begat ,  begat ,

 And  begat Bukki, and Bukki begat ,

 And  begat Zerahiah, and Zerahiah begat ,

  begat , and  begat ,

 And  begat , and  begat ,

 And  begat , and  begat ,

 And  begat , (he it is that executed the priest's office in the  that  built in :)

 And  begat , and  begat ,

 And  begat , and  begat ,

 And  begat , and  begat ,

 And  begat , and  begat ,

 And  went into , when the LORD carried away  and  by the hand of .

 The sons of ; , , and .

 And these be the names of the sons of ; , and .

 And the sons of  were, , and , and , and .

 The sons of ; Mahli, and . And these are the families of the Levites according to their fathers.

 Of ;  his son,  his son,  his son,

  his son,  his son,  his son, Jeaterai his son.

 The sons of ;  his son,  his son, Assir his son,

  his son, and Ebiasaph his son, and Assir his son,

 Tahath his son,  his son,  his son, and Shaul his son.

 And the sons of ; , and Ahimoth.

 As for : the sons of ; Zophai his son, and  his son,

  his son,  his son,  his son.

 And the sons of ; the firstborn Vashni, and Abiah.

 The sons of ; Mahli,  his son,  his son,  his son,

  his son, Haggiah his son, Asaiah his son.

 And these are they whom  set over the service of song in the house of the LORD, after that the  had rest.

 And they ministered before the dwelling place of the  of the  with singing, until  had built the house of the LORD in : and then they waited on their office according to their order.

 And these are they that waited with their children. Of the sons of the :  a singer, the son of , the son of ,

 The son of , the son of , the son of , the son of Toah,

 The son of , the son of , the son of , the son of ,

 The son of , the son of , the son of , the son of ,

 The son of Tahath, the son of Assir, the son of Ebiasaph, the son of ,

 The son of , the son of , the son of , the son of .

 And his brother , who stood on his right hand, even  the son of Berachiah, the son of ,

 The son of , the son of Baaseiah, the son of ,

 The son of Ethni, the son of , the son of Adaiah,

 The son of , the son of , the son of ,

 The son of , the son of , the son of .

 And their brethren the sons of  stood on the left hand:  the son of Kishi, the son of , the son of ,

 The son of , the son of , the son of ,

 The son of Amzi, the son of , the son of Shamer,

 The son of Mahli, the son of , the son of , the son of .

 Their brethren also the Levites were appointed unto all manner of service of the  of the house of God.

 But  and his sons offered upon the  of the burnt , and on the  of , and were appointed for all the work of the place most holy, and to make an  for , according to all that  the servant of God had commanded.

 And these are the sons of ;  his son,  his son,  his son,

 Bukki his son,  his son, Zerahiah his son,

  his son,  his son,  his son,

  his son,  his son.

 Now these are their dwelling places throughout their castles in their coasts, of the sons of , of the families of the : for theirs was the lot.

 And they gave them  in the land of , and the  thereof round about it.

 But the fields of the city, and the  thereof, they gave to  the son of .

 And to the sons of  they gave the cities of , namely, , the city of refuge, and  with her , and , and , with their ,

 And Hilen with her ,  with her ,

 And Ashan with her , and Bethshemesh with her :

 And out of the  of ;  with her , and  with her , and  with her . All their cities throughout their families were thirteen cities.

 And unto the sons of , which were left of the family of that , were cities given out of the half , namely, out of the half  of , by lot, ten cities.

 And to the sons of  throughout their families out of the  of , and out of the  of , and out of the  of , and out of the  of  in , thirteen cities.

 Unto the sons of  were given by lot, throughout their families, out of the  of , and out of the  of , and out of the  of , twelve cities.

 And the children of  gave to the Levites these cities with their .

 And they gave by lot out of the  of the children of , and out of the  of the children of , and out of the  of the children of , these cities, which are called by their names.

 And the residue of the families of the sons of  had cities of their coasts out of the  of .

 And they gave unto them, of the cities of refuge,  in   with her ; they gave also  with her ,

 And  with her , and Bethhoron with her ,

 And Aijalon with her , and Gathrimmon with her :

 And out of the half  of ;  with her , and Bileam with her , for the family of the remnant of the sons of .

 Unto the sons of  were given out of the family of the half  of ,  in  with her , and  with her :

 And out of the  of ;  with her ,  with her ,

 And  with her , and  with her :

 And out of the  of ;  with her , and  with her ,

 And Hukok with her , and  with her :

 And out of the  of ;  in  with her , and  with her , and  with her .

 Unto the rest of the children of  were given out of the  of ,  with her ,  with her :

 And on the other side  by , on the  side of , were given them out of the  of ,  in the  with her , and Jahzah with her ,

  also with her , and  with her :

 And out of the  of ;  in  with her , and  with her ,

 And  with her , and Jazer with her .
