King James Version:
Chronicles:
Chronicles Chapter
King James Version:
Chronicles Chapter
Then all  gathered themselves to  unto , saying, Behold, we are thy bone and thy .

 And moreover in time past, even when  was , thou wast he that leddest out and broughtest in : and the LORD thy God said unto thee, Thou shalt feed my people , and thou shalt be ruler over my people .

 Therefore came all the elders of  to the  to ; and  made a  with them in  before the LORD; and they anointed   over , according to the word of the LORD by .

 And  and all  went to , which is ; where the  were, the inhabitants of the land.

 And the inhabitants of  said to , Thou shalt not come hither. Nevertheless  took the  of , which is the city of .

 And  said, Whosoever smiteth the  first shall be chief and captain. So  the son of  went first up, and was chief.

 And  dwelt in the ; therefore they called it the city of .

 And he built the city round about, even from  round about: and  repaired the rest of the city.

 So  waxed greater and greater: for the LORD of hosts was with him.

 These also are the chief of the mighty men whom  had, who strengthened themselves with him in his kingdom, and with all , to make him , according to the word of the LORD concerning .

 And this is the number of the mighty men whom  had; , an Hachmonite, the chief of the captains: he lifted up his spear against three hundred slain by him at one time.

 And after him was  the son of , the , who was one of the three mighties.

 He was with  at Pasdammim, and there the  were gathered together to battle, where was a parcel of ground full of ; and the people fled from before the .

 And they set themselves in the midst of that parcel, and delivered it, and slew the ; and the LORD saved them by a great deliverance.

 Now three of the thirty captains went down to the  to , into the  of ; and the  of the  encamped in the  of .

 And  was then in the hold, and the Philistines'  was then at .

 And  longed, and said, Oh that one would give me  of the water of the well of , that is at the !

 And the three brake through the  of the , and drew water out of the well of , that was by the , and took it, and brought it to : but  would not  of it, but poured it out to the LORD.

 And said, My God forbid it me, that I should do this thing: shall I  the  of these men that have put their lives in jeopardy? for with the jeopardy of their lives they brought it. Therefore he would not  it. These things did these three mightiest.

 And  the brother of , he was chief of the three: for lifting up his spear against three hundred, he slew them, and had a name among the three.

 Of the three, he was more honourable than the two; for he was their captain: howbeit he attained not to the first three.

  the son of , the son of a valiant man of , who had done many acts; he slew two lionlike men of : also he went down and slew a lion in a  in a snowy day.

 And he slew an Egyptian, a man of great stature, five cubits high; and in the Egyptian's hand was a spear like a weaver's ; and he went down to him with a staff, and plucked the spear out of the Egyptian's hand, and slew him with his own spear.

 These things did  the son of , and had the name among the three mighties.

 Behold, he was honourable among the thirty, but attained not to the first three: and  set him over his .

 Also the valiant men of the armies were,  the brother of ,  the son of  of ,

 Shammoth the Harorite,  the Pelonite,

  the son of Ikkesh the Tekoite,  the ,

  the Hushathite,  the ,

 Maharai the Netophathite,  the son of  the Netophathite,

 Ithai the son of Ribai of , that pertained to the children of ,  the ,

  of the brooks of ,  the ,

  the Baharumite, Eliahba the Shaalbonite,

 The sons of Hashem the ,  the son of Shage the Hararite,

  the son of Sacar the Hararite, Eliphal the son of ,

  the Mecherathite,  the Pelonite,

  the Carmelite,  the son of Ezbai,

  the brother of ,  the son of Haggeri,

  the ,  the Berothite, the armourbearer of  the son of ,

  the ,  the ,

  the Hittite,  the son of Ahlai,

  the son of Shiza the Reubenite, a captain of the Reubenites, and thirty with him,

  the son of , and Joshaphat the Mithnite,

 Uzzia the Ashterathite, Shama and  the sons of Hothan the Aroerite,

  the son of , and Joha his brother, the Tizite,

  the Mahavite, and Jeribai, and Joshaviah, the sons of Elnaam, and Ithmah the ,

 , and , and Jasiel the Mesobaite.
