King James Version:
Chronicles:
Chronicles Chapter
King James Version:
Chronicles Chapter
Furthermore  the  said unto all the ,  my son, whom alone God hath , is yet young and tender, and the work is great: for the  is not for man, but for the LORD God.

 Now I have prepared with all my might for the house of my God the  for things to be made of , and the  for things of , and the  for things of , the  for things of , and  for things of ;  stones, and stones to be set, glistering stones, and of divers colours, and all manner of precious stones, and  stones in abundance.

 Moreover, because I have set my  to the house of my God, I have of mine own proper good, of  and , which I have given to the house of my God, over and above all that I have prepared for the holy house.

 Even three thousand talents of , of the  of , and  thousand talents of refined , to overlay the walls of the houses withal:

 The  for things of , and the  for things of , and for all manner of work to be made by the hands of artificers. And who then is willing to consecrate his service this day unto the LORD?

 Then the chief of the fathers and princes of the tribes of  and the captains of  and of hundreds, with the rulers of the king's work, offered willingly,

 And gave for the service of the house of God of  five thousand talents and ten thousand drams, and of  ten thousand talents, and of  eighteen thousand talents, and one hundred thousand talents of .

 And they with whom precious stones were found gave them to the treasure of the house of the LORD, by the hand of  the Gershonite.

 Then the people rejoiced, for that they offered willingly, because with perfect heart they offered willingly to the LORD: and  the  also rejoiced with great joy.

 Wherefore  blessed the LORD before all the : and  said, Blessed be thou, LORD God of  our father, for ever and ever.

 Thine, O LORD is the greatness, and the power, and the , and the victory, and the majesty: for all that is in the  and in the earth is thine; thine is the kingdom, O LORD, and thou art exalted as head above all.

 Both riches and honour come of thee, and thou reignest over all; and in thine hand is power and might; and in thine hand it is to make great, and to give strength unto all.

 Now therefore, our God, we thank thee, and praise thy glorious name.

 But who am I, and what is my people, that we should be able to offer so willingly after this sort? for all things come of thee, and of thine own have we given thee.

 For we are strangers before thee, and sojourners, as were all our fathers: our days on the earth are as a , and there is none abiding.

 O LORD our God, all this store that we have prepared to build thee an house for thine holy name cometh of thine hand, and is all thine own.

 I know also, my God, that thou triest the heart, and hast pleasure in uprightness. As for me, in the uprightness of mine heart I have willingly offered all these things: and now have I seen with joy thy people, which are present here, to offer willingly unto thee.

 O LORD God of , , and of , our fathers, keep this for ever in the imagination of the thoughts of the heart of thy people, and prepare their heart unto thee:

 And give unto  my son a perfect heart, to keep thy commandments, thy testimonies, and thy statutes, and to do all these things, and to build the , for the which I have made provision.

 And  said to all the , Now  the LORD your God. And all the  blessed the LORD God of their fathers, and bowed down their heads, and worshipped the LORD, and the .

 And they sacrificed sacrifices unto the LORD, and offered burnt offerings unto the LORD, on the morrow after that day, even a thousand bullocks, a thousand rams, and a thousand lambs, with their  offerings, and sacrifices in abundance for all :

 And did eat and  before the LORD on that day with great gladness. And they made  the son of   the second time, and anointed him unto the LORD to be the chief governor, and  to be .

 Then  sat on the  of the LORD as  instead of  his father, and prospered; and all  obeyed him.

 And all the princes, and the mighty men, and all the sons likewise of  , submitted themselves unto  the .

 And the LORD magnified  exceedingly in the sight of all , and bestowed upon him such royal majesty as had not been on any  before him in .

 Thus  the son of  reigned over all .

 And the time that he reigned over  was forty years;  years reigned he in , and thirty and three years reigned he in .

 And he died in a good old age, full of days, riches, and honour: and  his son reigned in his stead.

 Now the acts of  the , first and last, behold, they are written in the book of  the , and in the book of  the , and in the book of  the ,

 With all his reign and his might, and the times that went over him, and over , and over all the kingdoms of the countries.
