King James Version:
Chronicles:
Chronicles Chapter
King James Version:
Chronicles Chapter
And  made him houses in the city of , and prepared a place for the  of God, and pitched for it a .

 Then  said, None ought to carry the  of God but the Levites: for them hath the LORD  to carry the  of God, and to  unto him for ever.

 And  gathered all  together to , to bring up the  of the LORD unto his place, which he had prepared for it.

 And  assembled the children of , and the Levites:

 Of the sons of ;  the chief, and his brethren an hundred and twenty:

 Of the sons of ; Asaiah the chief, and his brethren two hundred and twenty:

 Of the sons of ;  the chief and his brethren an hundred and thirty:

 Of the sons of Elizaphan;  the chief, and his brethren two hundred:

 Of the sons of ;  the chief, and his brethren fourscore:

 Of the sons of ;  the chief, and his brethren an hundred and twelve.

 And  called for  and  the priests, and for the Levites, for , Asaiah, and , , and , and ,

 And said unto them, Ye are the chief of the fathers of the Levites: sanctify yourselves, both ye and your brethren, that ye may bring up the  of the LORD God of  unto the place that I have prepared for it.

 For because ye did it not at the first, the LORD our God made a  upon us, for that we sought him not after the due order.

 So the priests and the Levites sanctified themselves to bring up the  of the LORD God of .

 And the children of the Levites bare the  of God upon their shoulders with the staves thereon, as  commanded according to the word of the LORD.

 And  spake to the chief of the Levites to appoint their brethren to be the singers with instruments of musick, psalteries and harps and , sounding, by lifting up the voice with joy.

 So the Levites appointed  the son of ; and of his brethren,  the son of ; and of the sons of  their brethren,  the son of Kushaiah;

 And with them their brethren of the second degree, , Ben, and , and , and , and , , and , and , and , and , and Mikneiah, and Obededom, and , the porters.

 So the singers, , , and , were appointed to sound with  of ;

 And , and Aziel, and , and , and , and , and , and , with psalteries on ;

 And , and , and Mikneiah, and Obededom, and , and , with harps on the  to excel.

 And Chenaniah, chief of the Levites, was for song: he instructed about the song, because he was skilful.

 And  and  were doorkeepers for the .

 And , and , and , and , and , and , and , the priests, did blow with the  before the  of God: and Obededom and Jehiah were doorkeepers for the .

 So , and the elders of , and the captains over , went to bring up the  of the  of the LORD out of the house of Obededom with joy.

 And it came to pass, when God helped the Levites that bare the  of the  of the LORD, that they offered  bullocks and  rams.

 And  was clothed with a robe of fine , and all the Levites that bare the , and the singers, and Chenaniah the master of the song with the singers:  also had upon him an  of .

 Thus all  brought up the  of the  of the LORD with shouting, and with sound of the , and with , and with , making a noise with psalteries and harps.

 And it came to pass, as the  of the  of the LORD came to the city of , that , the daughter of  looking out at a window saw   dancing and playing: and she despised him in her heart.
