King James Version:
Chronicles:
Chronicles Chapter
King James Version:
Chronicles Chapter
And  stood up against , and provoked  to number .

 And  said to  and to the rulers of the people, Go, number  from  even to ; and bring the number of them to me, that I may know it.

 And  answered, The LORD make his people an hundred times so many more as they be: but, my lord the , are they not all my lord's servants?  why then doth my lord require this thing? why will he be a cause of trespass to ?

 Nevertheless the king's word prevailed against . Wherefore  departed, and went throughout all , and came to .

 And  gave the sum of the number of the people unto . And all they of  were a thousand thousand and an hundred thousand men that drew : and  was four hundred threescore and ten thousand men that drew .

 But  and  counted he not among them: for the king's word was abominable to .

 And God was displeased with this thing; therefore he smote .

 And  said unto God, I have sinned greatly, because I have done this thing: but now, I beseech thee, do away the iniquity of thy servant; for I have done very foolishly.

 And the LORD spake unto , David's , saying,

 Go and tell , saying, Thus saith the LORD, I offer thee three things: choose thee one of them, that I may do it unto thee.

 So  came to , and said unto him, Thus saith the LORD, Choose thee

 Either three years' ; or three months to be destroyed before thy foes, while that the  of thine enemies overtaketh thee; or else three days the  of the LORD, even the pestilence, in the land, and the  of the LORD destroying throughout all the coasts of . Now therefore advise thyself what word I shall bring again to him that sent me.

 And  said unto , I am in a great strait: let me fall now into the hand of the LORD; for very great are his mercies: but let me not fall into the hand of man.

 So the LORD sent pestilence upon : and there fell of  seventy thousand men.

 And God sent an  unto  to destroy it: and as he was destroying, the LORD beheld, and he repented him of the evil, and said to the  that destroyed, It is enough, stay now thine hand. And the  of the LORD stood by the threshingfloor of  the Jebusite.

 And  lifted up his eyes, and saw the  of the LORD stand between the earth and the , having a drawn  in his hand stretched out over . Then  and the elders of , who were clothed in , fell upon their faces.

 And  said unto God, Is it not I that commanded the people to be numbered? even I it is that have sinned and done evil indeed; but as for these , what have they done? let thine hand, I pray thee, O LORD my God, be on me, and on my father's house; but not on thy people, that they should be plagued.

 Then the  of the LORD commanded  to say to , that  should go up, and set up an  unto the LORD in the threshingfloor of  the Jebusite.

 And  went up at the saying of , which he spake in the name of the LORD.

 And  turned back, and saw the ; and his four sons with him hid themselves. Now  was  .

 And as  came to ,  looked and saw , and went out of the threshingfloor, and bowed himself to  with his face to the ground.

 Then  said to , Grant me the place of this threshingfloor, that I may build an  therein unto the LORD: thou shalt grant it me for the full price: that the  may be stayed from the people.

 And  said unto , Take it to thee, and let my lord the  do that which is good in his eyes: lo, I give thee the oxen also for burnt offerings, and the  instruments for , and the  for the meat ; I give it all.

 And   said to , Nay; but I will verily buy it for the full price: for I will not take that which is thine for the LORD, nor offer burnt offerings without cost.

 So  gave to  for the place six hundred shekels of  by weight.

 And  built there an  unto the LORD, and offered burnt offerings and peace offerings, and called upon the LORD; and he answered him from  by fire upon the  of burnt .

 And the LORD commanded the ; and he put up his  again into the sheath thereof.

 At that time when  saw that the LORD had answered him in the threshingfloor of  the Jebusite, then he sacrificed there.

 For the  of the LORD, which  made in the , and the  of the burnt , were at that season in the high place at .

 But  could not go before it to enquire of God: for he was afraid because of the  of the  of the LORD.
