King James Version: Habakkuk: Habakkuk Chapter
King James Version: Habakkuk Chapter
A  of  the  upon Shigionoth.

 O LORD, I have heard thy speech, and was afraid: O LORD, revive thy work in the midst of the years, in the midst of the years make known; in wrath remember .

 God came from , and the Holy One from  . . His  covered the heavens, and the earth was full of his praise.

 And his brightness was as the light; he had horns coming out of his hand: and there was the hiding of his power.

 Before him went the pestilence, and burning coals went forth at his feet.

 He stood, and measured the earth: he beheld, and drove asunder the nations; and the  mountains were scattered, the perpetual hills did : his ways are .

 I saw the tents of  in affliction: and the curtains of the land of  did tremble.

 Was the LORD displeased against the rivers? was thine  against the rivers? was thy wrath against the sea, that thou didst ride upon thine horses and thy chariots of ?

 Thy  was made quite , according to the oaths of the tribes, even thy word. . Thou didst cleave the earth with rivers.

 The mountains saw thee, and they trembled: the overflowing of the water passed by: the  uttered his voice, and lifted up his hands on high.

 The  and  stood still in their : at the light of thine  they went, and at the shining of thy glittering spear.

 Thou didst march through the land in indignation, thou didst thresh the  in .

 Thou wentest forth for the  of thy people, even for  with thine anointed; thou woundedst the head out of the house of the wicked, by discovering the foundation unto the . .

 Thou didst strike through with his staves the head of his : they came out as a whirlwind to scatter me: their rejoicing was as to devour the  secretly.

 Thou didst walk through the sea with thine horses, through the  of great waters.

 When I heard, my  trembled; my lips quivered at the voice: rottenness entered into my bones, and I trembled in myself, that I might rest in the day of trouble: when he cometh up unto the people, he will invade them with his troops.

 Although the  tree shall not blossom, neither shall  be in the vines; the labour of the  shall fail, and the fields shall yield no meat; the flock shall be cut off from the , and there shall be no  in the stalls:

 Yet I will rejoice in the LORD, I will joy in the God of my .

 The LORD God is my strength, and he will make my feet like hinds' feet, and he will make me to walk upon mine high places. To the chief singer on my stringed instruments.
