King James Version: Habakkuk: Habakkuk Chapter
King James Version: Habakkuk Chapter
I will stand upon my watch, and set me upon the tower, and will watch to see what he will say unto me, and what I shall answer when I am reproved.

 And the LORD answered me, and said, Write the , and make it  upon , that he may run that readeth it.

 For the  is yet for an appointed time, but at the end it shall speak, and not lie: though it tarry, wait for it; because it will surely come, it will not tarry.

 Behold, his soul which is lifted up is not upright in him: but the just shall live by his faith.

 Yea also, because he transgresseth by , he is a proud man, neither keepeth at home, who enlargeth his desire as , and is as death, and cannot be satisfied, but gathereth unto him all nations, and heapeth unto him all people:

 Shall not all these take up a  against him, and a taunting  against him, and say, Woe to him that increaseth that which is not his! how long? and to him that ladeth himself with thick !

 Shall they not rise up suddenly that shall bite thee, and awake that shall vex thee, and thou shalt be for booties unto them?

 Because thou hast spoiled many nations, all the remnant of the people shall spoil thee; because of men's , and for the violence of the land, of the city, and of all that dwell therein.

 Woe to him that coveteth an evil  to his house, that he may set his nest on high, that he may be delivered from the power of evil!

 Thou hast consulted shame to thy house by  off many people, and hast sinned against thy soul.

 For the  shall cry out of the wall, and the  out of the timber shall answer it.

 Woe to him that buildeth a town with , and stablisheth a city by iniquity!

 Behold, is it not of the LORD of hosts that the people shall labour in the very fire, and the people shall weary themselves for very vanity?

 For the earth shall be filled with the knowledge of the  of the LORD, as the waters cover the sea.

 Woe unto him that giveth his neighbour , that puttest thy  to him, and makest him drunken also, that thou mayest look on their nakedness!

 Thou art filled with shame for :  thou also, and let thy foreskin be uncovered: the  of the LORD's right hand shall be turned unto thee, and shameful spewing shall be on thy .

 For the violence of  shall cover thee, and the spoil of beasts, which made them afraid, because of men's , and for the violence of the land, of the city, and of all that dwell therein.

 What profiteth the graven image that the maker thereof hath graven it; the molten image, and a teacher of lies, that the maker of his work trusteth therein, to make  idols?

 Woe unto him that saith to the , Awake; to the  , Arise, it shall teach! Behold, it is laid over with  and , and there is no breath at all in the midst of it.

 But the LORD is in his holy : let all the earth keep silence before him.
