King James Version: Psalms: Psalms Chapter
King James Version: Psalms Chapter
Let God arise, let his enemies be scattered: let them also that hate him flee before him.

 As smoke is driven away, so drive them away: as  melteth before the fire, so let the wicked perish at the presence of God.

 But let the righteous be glad; let them rejoice before God: yea, let them exceedingly rejoice.

 Sing unto God, sing praises to his name: extol him that rideth upon the heavens by his name , and rejoice before him.

 A father of the fatherless, and a  of the , is God in his holy .

 God setteth the solitary in families: he bringeth out those which are bound with chains: but the rebellious dwell in a dry land.

 O God, when thou wentest forth before thy people, when thou didst march through the ; :

 The earth shook, the heavens also dropped at the presence of God: even  itself was moved at the presence of God, the God of .

 Thou, O God, didst send a plentiful , whereby thou didst confirm thine inheritance, when it was weary.

 Thy  hath dwelt therein: thou, O God, hast prepared of thy  for the .

 The Lord gave the word: great was the company of those that published it.

 Kings of armies did flee apace: and she that tarried at home divided the spoil.

 Though ye have lien among the pots, yet shall ye be as the wings of a  covered with , and her feathers with yellow .

 When the Almighty scattered kings in it, it was white as  in .

 The hill of God is as the hill of ; an high hill as the hill of .

 Why leap ye, ye high hills? this is the hill which God desireth to dwell in; yea, the LORD will dwell in it for ever.

 The chariots of God are twenty thousand, even  of angels: the Lord is among them, as in , in the holy place.

 Thou hast ascended on high, thou hast led  : thou hast received gifts for men; yea, for the rebellious also, that the LORD God might dwell among them.

 Blessed be the Lord, who daily loadeth us with benefits, even the God of our . .

 He that is our God is the God of ; and unto GOD the Lord belong the issues from death.

 But God shall wound the head of his enemies, and the hairy scalp of such an one as goeth on still in his trespasses.

 The Lord said, I will bring again from , I will bring my people again from the depths of the sea:

 That thy foot may be dipped in the  of thine enemies, and the tongue of thy dogs in the same.

 They have seen thy goings, O God; even the goings of my God, my , in the .

 The singers went before, the players on instruments followed after; among them were the damsels playing with timbrels.

  ye God in the congregations, even the Lord, from the  of .

 There is little  with their ruler, the princes of  and their , the princes of , and the princes of .

 Thy God hath commanded thy strength: strengthen, O God, that which thou hast wrought for us.

 Because of thy  at  shall kings bring presents unto thee.

 Rebuke the company of spearmen, the multitude of the bulls, with the calves of the people, till every one submit himself with  of : scatter thou the people that delight in war.

 Princes shall come out of ;  shall soon stretch out her hands unto God.

 Sing unto God, ye kingdoms of the earth; O sing praises unto the Lord; :

 To him that rideth upon the heavens of heavens, which were of old; lo, he doth send out his voice, and that a mighty voice.

 Ascribe ye strength unto God: his excellency is over , and his strength is in the clouds.

 O God, thou art terrible out of thy holy places: the God of  is he that giveth strength and power unto his people. Blessed be God.
