King James Version: Psalms: Psalms Chapter
King James Version: Psalms Chapter
Give , O my people, to my law: incline your ears to the words of my mouth.

 I will open my mouth in a : I will utter dark sayings of old:

 Which we have heard and known, and our fathers have told us.

 We will not hide them from their children, shewing to the  to come the praises of the LORD, and his strength, and his wonderful works that he hath done.

 For he established a  in , and appointed a law in , which he commanded our fathers, that they should make them known to their children:

 That the  to come might know them, even the children which should be born; who should arise and declare them to their children:

 That they might set their hope in God, and not forget the works of God, but keep his commandments:

 And might not be as their fathers, a stubborn and rebellious ; a  that set not their heart aright, and whose  was not stedfast with God.

 The children of , being armed, and carrying bows, turned back in the day of battle.

 They kept not the  of God, and refused to walk in his law;

 And forgat his works, and his wonders that he had shewed them.

 Marvellous things did he in the sight of their fathers, in the land of , in the field of .

 He divided the sea, and caused them to pass through; and he made the waters to stand as an .

 In the daytime also he led them with a , and all the night with a light of fire.

 He clave the rocks in the , and gave them  as out of the great depths.

 He brought streams also out of the , and caused waters to run down like rivers.

 And they sinned yet more against him by provoking the most High in the .

 And they tempted God in their heart by asking meat for their .

 Yea, they spake against God; they said, Can God furnish a table in the ?

 Behold, he smote the , that the waters gushed out, and the streams overflowed; can he give  also? can he provide  for his people?

 Therefore the LORD heard this, and was wroth: so a fire was kindled against , and  also came up against ;

 Because they believed not in God, and trusted not in his :

 Though he had commanded the clouds from above, and opened the  of ,

 And had rained down  upon them to eat, and had given them of the  of .

 Man did eat angels' food: he sent them meat to the full.

 He caused an  wind to blow in the : and by his power he brought in the south wind.

 He rained  also upon them as , and feathered fowls like as the sand of the sea:

 And he let it fall in the midst of their , round about their habitations.

 So they did eat, and were well filled: for he gave them their own desire;

 They were not estranged from their . But while their meat was yet in their mouths,

 The wrath of God came upon them, and slew the fattest of them, and smote down the  men of .

 For all this they sinned still, and believed not for his wondrous works.

 Therefore their days did he consume in vanity, and their years in trouble.

 When he slew them, then they sought him: and they returned and enquired early after God.

 And they remembered that God was their , and the high God their .

 Nevertheless they did flatter him with their mouth, and they lied unto him with their tongues.

 For their heart was not right with him, neither were they stedfast in his .

 But he, being full of compassion, forgave their iniquity, and destroyed them not: yea, many a time turned he his  away, and did not stir up all his wrath.

 For he remembered that they were but ; a wind that passeth away, and cometh not again.

 How oft did they provoke him in the , and grieve him in the !

 Yea, they turned back and tempted God, and limited the Holy One of .

 They remembered not his hand, nor the day when he delivered them from the enemy.

 How he had wrought his signs in , and his wonders in the field of .

 And had turned their rivers into ; and their floods, that they could not .

 He sent divers sorts of flies among them, which devoured them; and frogs, which destroyed them.

 He gave also their increase unto the caterpiller, and their labour unto the .

 He destroyed their vines with , and their sycomore trees with .

 He gave up their  also to the , and their flocks to hot thunderbolts.

 He cast upon them the fierceness of his , wrath, and indignation, and trouble, by sending evil angels among them.

 He made a way to his ; he spared not their soul from death, but gave their life over to the pestilence;

 And smote all the firstborn in ; the chief of their strength in the tabernacles of :

 But made his own people to go forth like , and guided them in the  like a flock.

 And he led them on safely, so that they feared not: but the sea overwhelmed their enemies.

 And he brought them to the border of his , even to this mountain, which his right hand had purchased.

 He cast out the  also before them, and divided them an inheritance by line, and made the tribes of  to dwell in their tents.

 Yet they tempted and provoked the most high God, and kept not his testimonies:

 But turned back, and dealt unfaithfully like their fathers: they were turned aside like a deceitful .

 For they provoked him to  with their high places, and moved him to  with their graven images.

 When God heard this, he was wroth, and greatly abhorred :

 So that he forsook the  of , the  which he placed among men;

 And delivered his strength into , and his  into the enemy's hand.

 He gave his people over also unto the ; and was wroth with his inheritance.

 The fire consumed their young men; and their maidens were not given to marriage.

 Their priests fell by the ; and their  made no .

 Then the LORD awaked as one out of sleep, and like a mighty man that shouteth by reason of .

 And he smote his enemies in the hinder parts: he put them to a perpetual reproach.

 Moreover he refused the  of , and chose not the  of :

 But chose the  of , the   which he loved.

 And he built his  like high palaces, like the earth which he hath established for ever.

 He chose  also his servant, and took him from the sheepfolds:

 From following the ewes great with young he brought him to feed  his people, and  his inheritance.

 So he fed them according to the integrity of his heart; and guided them by the skilfulness of his hands.
