King James Version: Psalms: Psalms Chapter
King James Version: Psalms Chapter
Save me, O God; for the waters are come in unto my soul.

 I sink in  mire, where there is no standing: I am come into  waters, where the floods overflow me.

 I am weary of my crying: my throat is dried: mine eyes fail while I wait for my God.

 They that hate me without a cause are more than the hairs of mine head: they that would destroy me, being mine enemies wrongfully, are mighty: then I restored that which I took not away.

 O God, thou knowest my foolishness; and my sins are not hid from thee.

 Let not them that wait on thee, O Lord GOD of hosts, be ashamed for my sake: let not those that seek thee be confounded for my sake, O God of .

 Because for thy sake I have borne reproach; shame hath covered my face.

 I am become a  unto my brethren, and an  unto my mother's children.

 For the  of thine house hath eaten me up; and the reproaches of them that reproached thee are fallen upon me.

 When I wept, and chastened my soul with fasting, that was to my reproach.

 I made  also my garment; and I became a  to them.

 They that sit in the  speak against me; and I was the song of the drunkards.

 But as for me, my  is unto thee, O LORD, in an acceptable time: O God, in the multitude of thy  hear me, in the truth of thy .

 Deliver me out of the mire, and let me not sink: let me be delivered from them that hate me, and out of the  waters.

 Let not the waterflood overflow me, neither let the   me up, and let not the  shut her mouth upon me.

 Hear me, O LORD; for thy lovingkindness is good: turn unto me according to the multitude of thy tender mercies.

 And hide not thy face from thy servant; for I am in trouble: hear me speedily.

 Draw nigh unto my soul, and redeem it: deliver me because of mine enemies.

 Thou hast known my reproach, and my shame, and my dishonour: mine adversaries are all before thee.

 Reproach hath broken my heart; and I am full of heaviness: and I looked for some to take pity, but there was none; and for comforters, but I found none.

 They gave me also  for my meat; and in my thirst they gave me  to .

 Let their table become a  before them: and that which should have been for their welfare, let it become a trap.

 Let their eyes be darkened, that they see not; and make their loins continually to shake.

 Pour out thine indignation upon them, and let thy wrathful  take hold of them.

 Let their  be desolate; and let none dwell in their tents.

 For they persecute him whom thou hast smitten; and they talk to the grief of those whom thou hast wounded.

 Add iniquity unto their iniquity: and let them not come into thy .

 Let them be blotted out of the book of the living, and not be written with the righteous.

 But I am  and sorrowful: let thy , O God, set me up on high.

 I will praise the name of God with a song, and will magnify him with thanksgiving.

 This also shall please the LORD better than an  or  that hath horns and hoofs.

 The humble shall see this, and be glad: and your heart shall live that seek God.

 For the LORD heareth the , and despiseth not his prisoners.

 Let the  and earth praise him, the seas, and every thing that moveth therein.

 For God will save , and will build the cities of : that they may dwell there, and have it in possession.

 The seed also of his servants shall inherit it: and they that love his name shall dwell therein.
