King James Version: Psalms: Psalms Chapter
King James Version: Psalms Chapter
Hear my , O LORD, and let my cry come unto thee.

 Hide not thy face from me in the day when I am in trouble; incline thine  unto me: in the day when I call answer me speedily.

 For my days are consumed like smoke, and my bones are burned as an .

 My heart is smitten, and withered like ; so that I forget to eat my .

 By reason of the voice of my groaning my bones cleave to my skin.

 I am like a pelican of the : I am like an  of the .

 I watch, and am as a  alone upon the house top.

 Mine enemies reproach me all the day; and they that are mad against me are sworn against me.

 For I have eaten  like , and mingled my  with weeping.

 Because of thine indignation and thy wrath: for thou hast lifted me up, and cast me down.

 My days are like a  that declineth; and I am withered like .

 But thou, O LORD, shall endure for ever; and thy remembrance unto all generations.

 Thou shalt arise, and have  upon : for the time to favour her, yea, the set time, is come.

 For thy servants take pleasure in her stones, and favour the  thereof.

 So the  shall fear the name of the LORD, and all the kings of the earth thy .

 When the LORD shall build up , he shall appear in his .

 He will regard the  of the destitute, and not despise their .

 This shall be written for the  to come: and the people which shall be created shall praise the LORD.

 For he hath looked down from the height of his ; from  did the LORD behold the earth;

 To hear the groaning of the prisoner; to loose those that are appointed to death;

 To declare the name of the LORD in , and his praise in ;

 When the people are gathered together, and the kingdoms, to serve the LORD.

 He weakened my strength in the way; he shortened my days.

 I said, O my God, take me not away in the midst of my days: thy years are throughout all generations.

 Of old hast thou laid the foundation of the earth: and the heavens are the work of thy hands.

 They shall perish, but thou shalt endure: yea, all of them shall  old like a garment; as a vesture shalt thou change them, and they shall be changed:

 But thou art the same, and thy years shall have no end.

 The children of thy servants shall continue, and their seed shall be established before thee.
