King James Version: Psalms: Psalms Chapter
King James Version: Psalms Chapter
O give thanks unto the LORD; call upon his name: make known his deeds among the people.

 Sing unto him, sing  unto him: talk ye of all his wondrous works.

  ye in his holy name: let the heart of them rejoice that seek the LORD.

 Seek the LORD, and his strength: seek his face evermore.

 Remember his marvellous works that he hath done; his wonders, and the judgments of his mouth;

 O ye seed of  his servant, ye children of  his .

 He is the LORD our God: his judgments are in all the earth.

 He hath remembered his  for ever, the word which he commanded to a thousand generations.

 Which  he made with , and his  unto ;

 And confirmed the same unto  for a law, and to  for an  :

 Saying, Unto thee will I give the land of , the lot of your inheritance:

 When they were but a few men in number; yea, very few, and strangers in it.

 When they went from one nation to another, from one kingdom to another people;

 He suffered no man to do them wrong: yea, he reproved kings for their sakes;

 Saying, Touch not mine anointed, and do my prophets no harm.

 Moreover he called for a  upon the land: he brake the whole staff of .

 He sent a man before them, even , who was sold for a servant:

 Whose feet they hurt with fetters: he was laid in :

 Until the time that his word came: the word of the LORD tried him.

 The  sent and loosed him; even the ruler of the people, and let him go free.

 He made him lord of his house, and ruler of all his substance:

 To bind his princes at his pleasure; and teach his senators wisdom.

  also came into ; and  sojourned in the land of .

 And he increased his people greatly; and made them stronger than their enemies.

 He turned their heart to hate his people, to deal subtilly with his servants.

 He sent  his servant; and  whom he had .

 They shewed his signs among them, and wonders in the land of .

 He sent , and made it dark; and they rebelled not against his word.

 He turned their waters into , and slew their .

 Their land brought forth frogs in abundance, in the chambers of their kings.

 He spake, and there came divers sorts of flies, and  in all their coasts.

 He gave them  for , and flaming fire in their land.

 He smote their vines also and their  trees; and brake the trees of their coasts.

 He spake, and the locusts came, and caterpillers, and that without number,

 And did eat up all the herbs in their land, and devoured the  of their ground.

 He smote also all the firstborn in their land, the chief of all their strength.

 He brought them forth also with  and : and there was not one feeble person among their tribes.

  was glad when they departed: for the fear of them fell upon them.

 He spread a  for a covering; and fire to give light in the night.

 The people asked, and he brought , and satisfied them with the  of .

 He opened the , and the waters gushed out; they ran in the dry places like a river.

 For he remembered his holy promise, and  his servant.

 And he brought forth his people with joy, and his  with gladness:

 And gave them the lands of the : and they inherited the labour of the people;

 That they might observe his statutes, and keep his laws. Praise ye the LORD.
