King James Version: Psalms: Psalms Chapter
King James Version: Psalms Chapter
O give thanks unto the LORD, for he is good: for his  endureth for ever.

 Let the redeemed of the LORD say so, whom he hath redeemed from the hand of the enemy;

 And gathered them out of the lands, from the , and from the west, from the north, and from the south.

 They wandered in the  in a solitary way; they found no city to dwell in.

 Hungry and thirsty, their soul fainted in them.

 Then they cried unto the LORD in their trouble, and he delivered them out of their distresses.

 And he led them forth by the right way, that they might go to a city of .

 Oh that men would praise the LORD for his , and for his wonderful works to the children of men!

 For he satisfieth the longing soul, and filleth the hungry soul with .

 Such as sit in  and in the  of death, being bound in affliction and ;

 Because they rebelled against the words of God, and contemned the counsel of the most High:

 Therefore he brought down their heart with labour; they fell down, and there was none to help.

 Then they cried unto the LORD in their trouble, and he saved them out of their distresses.

 He brought them out of  and the  of death, and brake their  in sunder.

 Oh that men would praise the LORD for his , and for his wonderful works to the children of men!

 For he hath broken the gates of , and cut the bars of  in sunder.

 Fools because of their transgression, and because of their iniquities, are afflicted.

 Their soul abhorreth all manner of meat; and they draw near unto the gates of death.

 Then they cry unto the LORD in their trouble, and he saveth them out of their distresses.

 He sent his word, and healed them, and delivered them from their destructions.

 Oh that men would praise the LORD for his , and for his wonderful works to the children of men!

 And let them  the sacrifices of thanksgiving, and declare his works with rejoicing.

 They that go down to the sea in , that do business in great waters;

 These see the works of the LORD, and his wonders in the .

 For he commandeth, and raiseth the stormy wind, which lifteth up the waves thereof.

 They  up to the , they go down again to the depths: their soul is melted because of trouble.

 They reel to and fro, and stagger like a drunken man, and are at their wit's end.

 Then they cry unto the LORD in their trouble, and he bringeth them out of their distresses.

 He maketh the storm a calm, so that the waves thereof are still.

 Then are they glad because they be quiet; so he bringeth them unto their desired .

 Oh that men would praise the LORD for his , and for his wonderful works to the children of men!

 Let them exalt him also in the  of the people, and praise him in the assembly of the elders.

 He turneth rivers into a , and the watersprings into dry ground;

 A fruitful land into barrenness, for the wickedness of them that dwell therein.

 He turneth the  into a standing water, and dry ground into watersprings.

 And there he maketh the hungry to dwell, that they may prepare a city for ;

 And sow the fields, and plant vineyards, which may yield fruits of increase.

 He blesseth them also, so that they are multiplied greatly; and suffereth not their  to decrease.

 Again, they are minished and brought low through oppression, affliction, and sorrow.

 He poureth contempt upon princes, and causeth them to wander in the , where there is no way.

 Yet setteth he the  on high from affliction, and maketh him families like a flock.

 The righteous shall see it, and rejoice: and all iniquity shall stop her mouth.

 Whoso is , and will observe these things, even they shall understand the lovingkindness of the LORD.
