King James Version: Leviticus: Leviticus Chapter
King James Version: Leviticus Chapter
And if a soul , and hear the voice of swearing, and is a , whether he hath seen or known of it; if he do not utter it, then he shall bear his iniquity.

 Or if a soul touch any unclean thing, whether it be a  of an unclean , or a  of unclean , or the  of unclean creeping things, and if it be hidden from him; he also shall be unclean, and guilty.

 Or if he touch the uncleanness of man, whatsoever uncleanness it be that a man shall be defiled withal, and it be hid from him; when he knoweth of it, then he shall be guilty.

 Or if a soul swear, pronouncing with his lips to do evil, or to do good, whatsoever it be that a man shall pronounce with an , and it be hid from him; when he knoweth of it, then he shall be guilty in one of these.

 And it shall be, when he shall be guilty in one of these things, that he shall confess that he hath sinned in that thing:

 And he shall bring his trespass  unto the LORD for his  which he hath sinned, a female from the flock, a  or a kid of the goats, for a  ; and the  shall make an  for him concerning his .

 And if he be not able to bring a , then he shall bring for his trespass, which he hath committed, two turtledoves, or two young pigeons, unto the LORD; one for a  , and the other for a burnt .

 And he shall bring them unto the , who shall offer that which is for the   first, and wring off his head from his , but shall not divide it asunder:

 And he shall sprinkle of the  of the   upon the side of the ; and the rest of the  shall be wrung out at the bottom of the : it is a  .

 And he shall offer the second for a burnt , according to the manner: and the  shall make an  for him for his  which he hath sinned, and it shall be forgiven him.

 But if he be not able to bring two turtledoves, or two young pigeons, then he that sinned shall bring for his  the tenth part of an  of fine  for a  ; he shall put no oil upon it, neither shall he put any  thereon: for it is a  .

 Then shall he bring it to the , and the  shall take his handful of it, even a memorial thereof, and burn it on the , according to the offerings made by fire unto the LORD: it is a  .

 And the  shall make an  for him as touching his  that he hath sinned in one of these, and it shall be forgiven him: and the remnant shall be the priest's, as a meat .

 And the LORD spake unto , saying,

 If a soul commit a trespass, and  through ignorance, in the holy things of the LORD; then he shall bring for his trespass unto the LORD a  without  out of the flocks, with thy estimation by shekels of , after the  of the , for a trespass .

 And he shall make amends for the harm that he hath done in the holy thing, and shall add the fifth part thereto, and give it unto the : and the  shall make an  for him with the  of the trespass , and it shall be forgiven him.

 And if a soul , and commit any of these things which are forbidden to be done by the commandments of the LORD; though he wist it not, yet is he guilty, and shall bear his iniquity.

 And he shall bring a  without  out of the flock, with thy estimation, for a trespass , unto the : and the  shall make an  for him concerning his ignorance wherein he erred and wist it not, and it shall be forgiven him.

 It is a trespass : he hath certainly trespassed against the LORD.
