King James Version: Leviticus: Leviticus Chapter
King James Version: Leviticus Chapter
And  and , the sons of , took either of them his , and put fire therein, and put  thereon, and offered strange fire before the LORD, which he commanded them not.

 And there went out fire from the LORD, and devoured them, and they died before the LORD.

 Then  said unto , This is it that the LORD spake, saying, I will be sanctified in them that come nigh me, and before all the people I will be glorified. And  held his peace.

 And  called  and Elzaphan, the sons of  the uncle of , and said unto them, Come near, carry your brethren from before the  out of the .

 So they went near, and carried them in their coats out of the ; as  had said.

 And  said unto , and unto  and unto , his sons, Uncover not your heads, neither rend your clothes; lest ye die, and lest wrath come upon all the people: but let your brethren, the whole house of , bewail the burning which the LORD hath kindled.

 And ye shall not go out from the door of the  of the , lest ye die: for the anointing oil of the LORD is upon you. And they did according to the word of .

 And the LORD spake unto , saying,

 Do not   nor strong , thou, nor thy sons with thee, when ye go into the  of the , lest ye die: it shall be a statute for ever throughout your generations:

 And that ye may put difference between holy and unholy, and between unclean and ;

 And that ye may teach the children of  all the statutes which the LORD hath spoken unto them by the hand of .

 And  spake unto , and unto  and unto , his sons that were left, Take the meat  that remaineth of the offerings of the LORD made by fire, and eat it without  beside the : for it is most holy:

 And ye shall eat it in the holy place, because it is thy due, and thy sons' due, of the sacrifices of the LORD made by fire: for so I am commanded.

 And the wave breast and heave shoulder shall ye eat in a  place; thou, and thy sons, and thy daughters with thee: for they be thy due, and thy sons' due, which are given out of the sacrifices of peace offerings of the children of .

 The heave shoulder and the wave breast shall they bring with the offerings made by fire of the , to wave it for a wave  before the LORD; and it shall be thine, and thy sons' with thee, by a statute for ever; as the LORD hath commanded.

 And  diligently sought the  of the  , and, behold, it was burnt: and he was angry with  and , the sons of  which were left alive, saying,

 Wherefore have ye not eaten the   in the holy place, seeing it is most holy, and God hath given it you to bear the iniquity of the , to make  for them before the LORD?

 Behold, the  of it was not brought in within the holy place: ye should indeed have eaten it in the holy place, as I commanded.

 And  said unto , Behold, this day have they offered their   and their burnt  before the LORD; and such things have befallen me: and if I had eaten the   to day, should it have been accepted in the sight of the LORD?

 And when  heard that, he was content.
