King James Version: Leviticus: Leviticus Chapter
King James Version: Leviticus Chapter
Likewise this is the law of the trespass : it is most holy.

 In the place where they kill the burnt  shall they kill the trespass : and the  thereof shall he sprinkle round about upon the .

 And he shall offer of it all the  thereof; the rump, and the  that covereth the inwards,

 And the two kidneys, and the  that is on them, which is by the flanks, and the  that is above the , with the kidneys, it shall he take away:

 And the  shall burn them upon the  for an  made by fire unto the LORD: it is a trespass .

 Every male among the priests shall eat thereof: it shall be eaten in the holy place: it is most holy.

 As the   is, so is the trespass : there is one law for them: the  that maketh  therewith shall have it.

 And the  that offereth any man's burnt , even the  shall have to himself the skin of the burnt  which he hath offered.

 And all the meat  that is baken in the , and all that is dressed in the fryingpan, and in the , shall be the priest's that offereth it.

 And every meat , mingled with oil, and dry, shall all the sons of  have, one as much as another.

 And this is the law of the  of peace offerings, which he shall offer unto the LORD.

 If he offer it for a thanksgiving, then he shall offer with the  of thanksgiving unleavened cakes mingled with oil, and unleavened  anointed with oil, and cakes mingled with oil, of fine , fried.

 Besides the cakes, he shall offer for his  leavened  with the  of thanksgiving of his peace offerings.

 And of it he shall offer one out of the whole oblation for an heave  unto the LORD, and it shall be the priest's that sprinkleth the  of the peace offerings.

 And the  of the  of his peace offerings for thanksgiving shall be eaten the same day that it is offered; he shall not leave any of it until the morning.

 But if the  of his  be a vow, or a voluntary , it shall be eaten the same day that he offereth his : and on the morrow also the remainder of it shall be eaten:

 But the remainder of the  of the  on the third day shall be burnt with fire.

 And if any of the  of the  of his peace offerings be eaten at all on the third day, it shall not be accepted, neither shall it be imputed unto him that offereth it: it shall be an , and the soul that eateth of it shall bear his iniquity.

 And the  that toucheth any unclean thing shall not be eaten; it shall be burnt with fire: and as for the , all that be  shall eat thereof.

 But the soul that eateth of the  of the  of peace offerings, that pertain unto the LORD, having his uncleanness upon him, even that soul shall be cut off from his people.

 Moreover the soul that shall touch any unclean thing, as the uncleanness of man, or any unclean , or any abominable unclean thing, and eat of the  of the  of peace offerings, which pertain unto the LORD, even that soul shall be cut off from his people.

 And the LORD spake unto , saying,

 Speak unto the children of , saying, Ye shall eat no manner of , of , or of , or of .

 And the  of the  that dieth of itself, and the  of that which is torn with beasts, may be used in any other use: but ye shall in no  eat of it.

 For whosoever eateth the  of the , of which men offer an  made by fire unto the LORD, even the soul that eateth it shall be cut off from his people.

 Moreover ye shall eat no manner of , whether it be of fowl or of , in any of your .

 Whatsoever soul it be that eateth any manner of , even that soul shall be cut off from his people.

 And the LORD spake unto , saying,

 Speak unto the children of , saying, He that offereth the  of his peace offerings unto the LORD shall bring his oblation unto the LORD of the  of his peace offerings.

 His own hands shall bring the offerings of the LORD made by fire, the  with the breast, it shall he bring, that the breast may be waved for a wave  before the LORD.

 And the  shall burn the  upon the : but the breast shall be Aaron's and his sons'.

 And the right shoulder shall ye give unto the  for an heave  of the sacrifices of your peace offerings.

 He among the sons of , that offereth the  of the peace offerings, and the , shall have the right shoulder for his part.

 For the wave breast and the heave shoulder have I taken of the children of  from off the sacrifices of their peace offerings, and have given them unto  the  and unto his sons by a statute for ever from among the children of .

 This is the portion of the anointing of , and of the anointing of his sons, out of the offerings of the LORD made by fire, in the day when he presented them to  unto the LORD in the priest's office;

 Which the LORD commanded to be given them of the children of , in the day that he anointed them, by a statute for ever throughout their generations.

 This is the law of the burnt , of the meat , and of the  , and of the trespass , and of the consecrations, and of the  of the peace offerings;

 Which the LORD commanded  in  , in the day that he commanded the children of  to offer their oblations unto the LORD, in the  of .
