King James Version: Leviticus: Leviticus Chapter
King James Version: Leviticus Chapter
And the LORD spake unto , saying,

 If a soul , and commit a trespass against the LORD, and lie unto his neighbour in that which was delivered him to keep, or in , or in a thing taken away by violence, or hath deceived his neighbour;

 Or have found that which was lost, and lieth concerning it, and sweareth falsely; in any of all these that a man doeth, sinning therein:

 Then it shall be, because he hath sinned, and is guilty, that he shall restore that which he took violently away, or the thing which he hath deceitfully gotten, or that which was delivered him to keep, or the lost thing which he found,

 Or all that about which he hath sworn falsely; he shall even restore it in the principal, and shall add the fifth part more thereto, and give it unto him to whom it appertaineth, in the day of his trespass .

 And he shall bring his trespass  unto the LORD, a  without  out of the flock, with thy estimation, for a trespass , unto the :

 And the  shall make an  for him before the LORD: and it shall be forgiven him for any thing of all that he hath done in trespassing therein.

 And the LORD spake unto , saying,

 Command  and his sons, saying, This is the law of the burnt : It is the burnt , because of the burning upon the  all night unto the morning, and the fire of the  shall be burning in it.

 And the  shall put on his  garment, and his   shall he put upon his , and take up the  which the fire hath consumed with the burnt  on the , and he shall put them beside the .

 And he shall put off his garments, and put on other garments, and carry forth the  without the  unto a  place.

 And the fire upon the  shall be burning in it; it shall not be put out: and the  shall burn  on it every morning, and lay the burnt  in order upon it; and he shall burn thereon the  of the peace offerings.

 The fire shall ever be burning upon the ; it shall never go out.

 And this is the law of the meat : the sons of  shall offer it before the LORD, before the .

 And he shall take of it his handful, of the  of the meat , and of the oil thereof, and all the  which is upon the meat , and shall burn it upon the  for a sweet savour, even the memorial of it, unto the LORD.

 And the remainder thereof shall  and his sons eat: with unleavened  shall it be eaten in the holy place; in the court of the  of the  they shall eat it.

 It shall not be baken with . I have given it unto them for their portion of my offerings made by fire; it is most holy, as is the  , and as the trespass .

 All the males among the children of  shall eat of it. It shall be a statute for ever in your generations concerning the offerings of the LORD made by fire: every one that toucheth them shall be holy.

 And the LORD spake unto , saying,

 This is the  of  and of his sons, which they shall offer unto the LORD in the day when he is anointed; the tenth part of an  of fine  for a meat  perpetual, half of it in the morning, and half thereof at night.

 In a  it shall be made with oil; and when it is baken, thou shalt bring it in: and the baken  of the meat  shalt thou offer for a sweet savour unto the LORD.

 And the  of his sons that is anointed in his stead shall offer it: it is a statute for ever unto the LORD; it shall be wholly burnt.

 For every meat  for the  shall be wholly burnt: it shall not be eaten.

 And the LORD spake unto , saying,

 Speak unto  and to his sons, saying, This is the law of the  : In the place where the burnt  is killed shall the   be killed before the LORD: it is most holy.

 The  that offereth it for  shall eat it: in the holy place shall it be eaten, in the court of the  of the .

 Whatsoever shall touch the  thereof shall be holy: and when there is sprinkled of the  thereof upon any garment, thou shalt wash that whereon it was sprinkled in the holy place.

 But the earthen vessel wherein it is sodden shall be broken: and if it be sodden in a brasen pot, it shall be both scoured, and rinsed in water.

 All the males among the priests shall eat thereof: it is most holy.

 And no  , whereof any of the  is brought into the  of the  to reconcile withal in the holy place, shall be eaten: it shall be burnt in the fire.
