King James Version: Leviticus: Leviticus Chapter
King James Version: Leviticus Chapter
And when any will offer a meat  unto the LORD, his  shall be of fine ; and he shall pour oil upon it, and put  thereon:

 And he shall bring it to Aaron's sons the priests: and he shall take thereout his handful of the  thereof, and of the oil thereof, with all the  thereof; and the  shall burn the memorial of it upon the , to be an  made by fire, of a sweet savour unto the LORD:

 And the remnant of the meat  shall be Aaron's and his sons': it is a thing most holy of the offerings of the LORD made by fire.

 And if thou bring an oblation of a meat  baken in the , it shall be unleavened cakes of fine  mingled with oil, or unleavened  anointed with oil.

 And if thy oblation be a meat  baken in a , it shall be of fine  unleavened, mingled with oil.

 Thou shalt part it in , and pour oil thereon: it is a meat .

 And if thy oblation be a meat  baken in the fryingpan, it shall be made of fine  with oil.

 And thou shalt bring the meat  that is made of these things unto the LORD: and when it is presented unto the , he shall bring it unto the .

 And the  shall take from the meat  a memorial thereof, and shall burn it upon the : it is an  made by fire, of a sweet savour unto the LORD.

 And that which is left of the meat  shall be Aaron's and his sons': it is a thing most holy of the offerings of the LORD made by fire.

 No meat , which ye shall bring unto the LORD, shall be made with : for ye shall burn no , nor any , in any  of the LORD made by fire.

 As for the oblation of the firstfruits, ye shall offer them unto the LORD: but they shall not be burnt on the  for a sweet savour.

 And every oblation of thy meat  shalt thou season with ; neither shalt thou suffer the  of the  of thy God to be lacking from thy meat : with all thine offerings thou shalt offer .

 And if thou offer a meat  of thy firstfruits unto the LORD, thou shalt offer for the meat  of thy firstfruits green ears of  dried by the fire, even  beaten out of full ears.

 And thou shalt put oil upon it, and lay  thereon: it is a meat .

 And the  shall burn the memorial of it, part of the beaten  thereof, and part of the oil thereof, with all the  thereof: it is an  made by fire unto the LORD.
