King James Version: Leviticus: Leviticus Chapter
King James Version: Leviticus Chapter
And the LORD spake unto  after the death of the two sons of , when they offered before the LORD, and died;

 And the LORD said unto , Speak unto  thy brother, that he come not at all times into the holy place within the vail before the  seat, which is upon the ; that he die not: for I will appear in the  upon the  seat.

 Thus shall  come into the holy place: with a young  for a  , and a  for a burnt .

 He shall put on the holy  , and he shall have the   upon his , and shall be girded with a  , and with the   shall he be attired: these are holy garments; therefore shall he wash his  in water, and so put them on.

 And he shall take of the  of the children of  two kids of the goats for a  , and one  for a burnt .

 And  shall offer his  of the  , which is for himself, and make an  for himself, and for his house.

 And he shall take the two goats, and present them before the LORD at the door of the  of the .

 And  shall cast lots upon the two goats; one lot for the LORD, and the other lot for the .

 And  shall bring the  upon which the LORD's lot fell, and offer him for a  .

 But the , on which the lot fell to be the , shall be presented alive before the LORD, to make an  with him, and to let him go for a  into the .

 And  shall bring the  of the  , which is for himself, and shall make an  for himself, and for his house, and shall kill the  of the   which is for himself:

 And he shall take a  full of burning coals of fire from off the  before the LORD, and his hands full of sweet  beaten small, and bring it within the vail:

 And he shall put the  upon the fire before the LORD, that the  of the  may cover the  seat that is upon the , that he die not:

 And he shall take of the  of the , and sprinkle it with his finger upon the  seat eastward; and before the  seat shall he sprinkle of the  with his finger  times.

 Then shall he kill the  of the  , that is for the people, and bring his  within the vail, and do with that  as he did with the  of the , and sprinkle it upon the  seat, and before the  seat:

 And he shall make an  for the holy place, because of the uncleanness of the children of , and because of their transgressions in all their sins: and so shall he do for the  of the , that remaineth among them in the midst of their uncleanness.

 And there shall be no man in the  of the  when he goeth in to make an  in the holy place, until he come out, and have made an  for himself, and for his household, and for all the  of .

 And he shall go out unto the  that is before the LORD, and make an  for it; and shall take of the  of the , and of the  of the , and put it upon the horns of the  round about.

 And he shall sprinkle of the  upon it with his finger  times, and cleanse it, and  it from the uncleanness of the children of .

 And when he hath made an end of reconciling the holy place, and the  of the , and the , he shall bring the live :

 And  shall lay both his hands upon the head of the live , and confess over him all the iniquities of the children of , and all their transgressions in all their sins, putting them upon the head of the , and shall send him away by the hand of a fit man into the :

 And the  shall bear upon him all their iniquities unto a land not inhabited: and he shall let go the  in the .

 And  shall come into the  of the , and shall put off the  garments, which he put on when he went into the holy place, and shall leave them there:

 And he shall wash his  with water in the holy place, and put on his garments, and come forth, and offer his burnt , and the burnt  of the people, and make an  for himself, and for the people.

 And the  of the   shall he burn upon the .

 And he that let go the  for the  shall wash his clothes, and bathe his  in water, and afterward come into the .

 And the  for the  , and the  for the  , whose  was brought in to make  in the holy place, shall one carry forth without the ; and they shall burn in the fire their skins, and their , and their .

 And he that burneth them shall wash his clothes, and bathe his  in water, and afterward he shall come into the .

 And this shall be a statute for ever unto you: that in the seventh month, on the tenth day of the month, ye shall afflict your souls, and do no work at all, whether it be one of your own country, or a  that sojourneth among you:

 For on that day shall the  make an  for you, to cleanse you, that ye may be  from all your sins before the LORD.

 It shall be a  of rest unto you, and ye shall afflict your souls, by a statute for ever.

 And the , whom he shall , and whom he shall consecrate to  in the priest's office in his father's stead, shall make the , and shall put on the  clothes, even the holy garments:

 And he shall make an  for the holy , and he shall make an  for the  of the , and for the , and he shall make an  for the priests, and for all the people of the .

 And this shall be an  statute unto you, to make an  for the children of  for all their sins once a year. And he did as the LORD commanded .
