King James Version: Leviticus: Leviticus Chapter
King James Version: Leviticus Chapter
And the LORD spake unto , saying,

 Speak unto all the  of the children of , and say unto them, Ye shall be holy: for I the LORD your God am holy.

 Ye shall fear every man his mother, and his father, and keep my sabbaths: I am the LORD your God.

 Turn ye not unto idols, nor make to yourselves molten gods: I am the LORD your God.

 And if ye offer a  of peace offerings unto the LORD, ye shall offer it at your own will.

 It shall be eaten the same day ye offer it, and on the morrow: and if ought remain until the third day, it shall be burnt in the fire.

 And if it be eaten at all on the third day, it is abominable; it shall not be accepted.

 Therefore every one that eateth it shall bear his iniquity, because he hath profaned the hallowed thing of the LORD: and that soul shall be cut off from among his people.

 And when ye reap the  of your land, thou shalt not wholly reap the corners of thy field, neither shalt thou gather the gleanings of thy .

 And thou shalt not  thy vineyard, neither shalt thou gather every  of thy vineyard; thou shalt leave them for the  and : I am the LORD your God.

 Ye shall not steal, neither deal falsely, neither lie one to another.

 And ye shall not swear by my name falsely, neither shalt thou profane the name of thy God: I am the LORD.

 Thou shalt not defraud thy neighbour, neither rob him: the  of him that is hired shall not abide with thee all night until the morning.

 Thou shalt not  the deaf, nor put a stumblingblock before the , but shalt fear thy God: I am the LORD.

 Ye shall do no unrighteousness in judgment: thou shalt not respect the person of the , nor honor the person of the mighty: but in  shalt thou  thy neighbour.

 Thou shalt not go up and down as a talebearer among thy people: neither shalt thou stand against the  of thy neighbour; I am the LORD.

 Thou shalt not hate thy brother in thine heart: thou shalt in any  rebuke thy neighbour, and not suffer  upon him.

 Thou shalt not avenge, nor bear any grudge against the children of thy people, but thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself: I am the LORD.

 Ye shall keep my statutes. Thou shalt not let thy  gender with a diverse kind: thou shalt not sow thy field with mingled seed: neither shall a garment mingled of  and woollen come upon thee.

 And whosoever lieth carnally with a woman, that is a bondmaid, betrothed to an husband, and not at all redeemed, nor freedom given her; she shall be scourged; they shall not be put to death, because she was not free.

 And he shall bring his trespass  unto the LORD, unto the door of the  of the , even a  for a trespass .

 And the  shall make an  for him with the  of the trespass  before the LORD for his  which he hath done: and the  which he hath done shall be forgiven him.

 And when ye shall come into the land, and shall have planted all manner of trees for food, then ye shall count the  thereof as uncircumcised: three years shall it be as uncircumcised unto you: it shall not be eaten of.

 But in the fourth year all the  thereof shall be holy to praise the LORD withal.

 And in the fifth year shall ye eat of the  thereof, that it may yield unto you the increase thereof: I am the LORD your God.

 Ye shall not eat any thing with the : neither shall ye use enchantment, nor observe times.

 Ye shall not round the corners of your heads, neither shalt thou mar the corners of thy .

 Ye shall not make any cuttings in your  for the dead, nor print any marks upon you: I am the LORD.

 Do not prostitute thy daughter, to cause her to be a whore; lest the land fall to whoredom, and the land become full of wickedness.

 Ye shall keep my sabbaths, and reverence my : I am the LORD.

 Regard not them that have familiar spirits, neither seek after wizards, to be defiled by them: I am the LORD your God.

 Thou shalt rise up before the hoary head, and honour the face of the old man, and fear thy God: I am the LORD.

 And if a  sojourn with thee in your land, ye shall not vex him.

 But the  that dwelleth with you shall be unto you as one born among you, and thou shalt love him as thyself; for ye were strangers in the land of : I am the LORD your God.

 Ye shall do no unrighteousness in judgment, in meteyard, in weight, or in measure.

 Just balances, just , a just , and a just hin, shall ye have: I am the LORD your God, which brought you out of the land of .

 Therefore shall ye observe all my statutes, and all my judgments, and do them: I am the LORD.
