King James Version: Leviticus: Leviticus Chapter
King James Version: Leviticus Chapter
And the LORD spake unto  and , saying,

 When a man shall have in the skin of his  a rising, a scab, or bright spot, and it be in the skin of his  like the  of ; then he shall be brought unto  the , or unto one of his sons the priests:

 And the  shall look on the  in the skin of the : and when the hair in the  is turned white, and the  in sight be deeper than the skin of his , it is a  of : and the  shall look on him, and pronounce him unclean.

 If the bright spot be white in the skin of his , and in sight be not deeper than the skin, and the hair thereof be not turned white; then the  shall shut up him that hath the   days:

 And the  shall look on him the seventh day: and, behold, if the  in his sight be at a stay, and the  spread not in the skin; then the  shall shut him up  days more:

 And the  shall look on him again the seventh day: and, behold, if the  be somewhat dark, and the  spread not in the skin, the  shall pronounce him : it is but a scab: and he shall wash his clothes, and be .

 But if the scab spread much abroad in the skin, after that he hath been seen of the  for his cleansing, he shall be seen of the  again.

 And if the  see that, behold, the scab spreadeth in the skin, then the  shall pronounce him unclean: it is a .

 When the  of  is in a man, then he shall be brought unto the ;

 And the  shall see him: and, behold, if the rising be white in the skin, and it have turned the hair white, and there be quick raw  in the rising;

 It is an old  in the skin of his , and the  shall pronounce him unclean, and shall not shut him up: for he is unclean.

 And if a  break out abroad in the skin, and the  cover all the skin of him that hath the  from his head even to his foot, wheresoever the  looketh;

 Then the  shall consider: and, behold, if the  have covered all his , he shall pronounce him  that hath the : it is all turned white: he is .

 But when raw  appeareth in him, he shall be unclean.

 And the  shall see the raw , and pronounce him to be unclean: for the raw  is unclean: it is a .

 Or if the raw  turn again, and be changed unto white, he shall come unto the ;

 And the  shall see him: and, behold, if the  be turned into white; then the  shall pronounce him  that hath the : he is .

 The  also, in which, even in the skin thereof, was a , and is healed,

 And in the place of the  there be a white rising, or a bright spot, white, and somewhat reddish, and it be shewed to the ;

 And if, when the  seeth it, behold, it be in sight lower than the skin, and the hair thereof be turned white; the  shall pronounce him unclean: it is a  of  broken out of the .

 But if the  look on it, and, behold, there be no white hairs therein, and if it be not lower than the skin, but be somewhat dark; then the  shall shut him up  days:

 And if it spread much abroad in the skin, then the  shall pronounce him unclean: it is a .

 But if the bright spot stay in his place, and spread not, it is a burning ; and the  shall pronounce him .

 Or if there be any , in the skin whereof there is a hot burning, and the quick  that burneth have a white bright spot, somewhat reddish, or white;

 Then the  shall look upon it: and, behold, if the hair in the bright spot be turned white, and it be in sight deeper than the skin; it is a  broken out of the burning: wherefore the  shall pronounce him unclean: it is the  of .

 But if the  look on it, and, behold, there be no white hair in the bright spot, and it be no lower than the other skin, but be somewhat dark; then the  shall shut him up  days:

 And the  shall look upon him the seventh day: and if it be spread much abroad in the skin, then the  shall pronounce him unclean: it is the  of .

 And if the bright spot stay in his place, and spread not in the skin, but it be somewhat dark; it is a rising of the burning, and the  shall pronounce him : for it is an inflammation of the burning.

 If a man or woman have a  upon the head or the ;

 Then the  shall see the : and, behold, if it be in sight deeper than the skin; and there be in it a yellow thin hair; then the  shall pronounce him unclean: it is a dry scall, even a  upon the head or .

 And if the  look on the  of the scall, and, behold, it be not in sight deeper than the skin, and that there is no black hair in it; then the  shall shut up him that hath the  of the scall  days:

 And in the seventh day the  shall look on the : and, behold, if the scall spread not, and there be in it no yellow hair, and the scall be not in sight deeper than the skin;

 He shall be shaven, but the scall shall he not shave; and the  shall shut up him that hath the scall  days more:

 And in the seventh day the  shall look on the scall: and, behold, if the scall be not spread in the skin, nor be in sight deeper than the skin; then the  shall pronounce him : and he shall wash his clothes, and be .

 But if the scall spread much in the skin after his cleansing;

 Then the  shall look on him: and, behold, if the scall be spread in the skin, the  shall not seek for yellow hair; he is unclean.

 But if the scall be in his sight at a stay, and that there is black hair grown up therein; the scall is healed, he is : and the  shall pronounce him .

 If a man also or a woman have in the skin of their  bright spots, even white bright spots;

 Then the  shall look: and, behold, if the bright spots in the skin of their  be darkish white; it is a freckled spot that groweth in the skin; he is .

 And the man whose hair is fallen off his head, he is bald; yet is he .

 And he that hath his hair fallen off from the part of his head toward his face, he is  bald: yet is he .

 And if there be in the bald head, or bald , a white reddish sore; it is a  sprung up in his bald head, or his bald .

 Then the  shall look upon it: and, behold, if the rising of the sore be white reddish in his bald head, or in his bald , as the  appeareth in the skin of the ;

 He is a leprous man, he is unclean: the  shall pronounce him utterly unclean; his  is in his head.

 And the leper in whom the  is, his clothes shall be , and his head bare, and he shall put a covering upon his upper , and shall cry, Unclean, unclean.

 All the days wherein the  shall be in him he shall be defiled; he is unclean: he shall dwell alone; without the  shall his  be.

 The garment also that the  of  is in, whether it be a woollen garment, or a  garment;

 Whether it be in the warp, or woof; of , or of woollen; whether in a skin, or in any thing made of skin;

 And if the  be greenish or reddish in the garment, or in the skin, either in the warp, or in the woof, or in any thing of skin; it is a  of , and shall be shewed unto the :

 And the  shall look upon the , and shut up it that hath the   days:

 And he shall look on the  on the seventh day: if the  be spread in the garment, either in the warp, or in the woof, or in a skin, or in any work that is made of skin; the  is a fretting ; it is unclean.

 He shall therefore burn that garment, whether warp or woof, in woollen or in , or any thing of skin, wherein the  is: for it is a fretting ; it shall be burnt in the fire.

 And if the  shall look, and, behold, the  be not spread in the garment, either in the warp, or in the woof, or in any thing of skin;

 Then the  shall command that they wash the thing wherein the  is, and he shall shut it up  days more:

 And the  shall look on the , after that it is washed: and, behold, if the  have not changed his , and the  be not spread; it is unclean; thou shalt burn it in the fire; it is fret inward, whether it be bare within or without.

 And if the  look, and, behold, the  be somewhat dark after the  of it; then he shall rend it out of the garment, or out of the skin, or out of the warp, or out of the woof:

 And if it appear still in the garment, either in the warp, or in the woof, or in any thing of skin; it is a spreading : thou shalt burn that wherein the  is with fire.

 And the garment, either warp, or woof, or whatsoever thing of skin it be, which thou shalt wash, if the  be departed from them, then it shall be washed the second time, and shall be .

 This is the law of the  of  in a garment of woollen or , either in the warp, or woof, or any thing of skins, to pronounce it , or to pronounce it unclean.
