King James Version: Leviticus: Leviticus Chapter
King James Version: Leviticus Chapter
And the LORD spake unto , saying,

 Take  and his sons with him, and the garments, and the anointing oil, and a  for the  , and two rams, and a  of unleavened ;

 And gather thou all the  together unto the door of the  of the .

 And  did as the LORD commanded him; and the assembly was gathered together unto the door of the  of the .

 And  said unto the , This is the thing which the LORD commanded to be done.

 And  brought  and his sons, and washed them with water.

 And he put upon him the , and girded him with the , and clothed him with the robe, and put the  upon him, and he girded him with the curious  of the , and bound it unto him therewith.

 And he put the  upon him: also he put in the  the  and the .

 And he put the  upon his head; also upon the , even upon his forefront, did he put the golden plate, the holy ; as the LORD commanded .

 And  took the anointing oil, and anointed the  and all that was therein, and sanctified them.

 And he sprinkled thereof upon the   times, and anointed the  and all his vessels, both the  and his foot, to sanctify them.

 And he poured of the anointing oil upon Aaron's head, and anointed him, to sanctify him.

 And  brought Aaron's sons, and put coats upon them, and girded them with girdles, and put bonnets upon them; as the LORD commanded .

 And he brought the  for the  : and  and his sons laid their hands upon the head of the  for the  .

 And he slew it; and  took the , and put it upon the horns of the  round about with his finger, and purified the , and poured the  at the bottom of the , and sanctified it, to make  upon it.

 And he took all the  that was upon the inwards, and the  above the , and the two kidneys, and their , and  burned it upon the .

 But the , and his hide, his , and his , he burnt with fire without the ; as the LORD commanded .

 And he brought the  for the burnt : and  and his sons laid their hands upon the head of the .

 And he killed it; and  sprinkled the  upon the  round about.

 And he cut the  into ; and  burnt the head, and the , and the .

 And he washed the inwards and the legs in water; and  burnt the whole  upon the : it was a burnt  for a sweet savour, and an  made by fire unto the LORD; as the LORD commanded .

 And he brought the other , the  of : and  and his sons laid their hands upon the head of the .

 And he slew it; and  took of the  of it, and put it upon the tip of Aaron's right , and upon the thumb of his right hand, and upon the great toe of his right foot.

 And he brought Aaron's sons, and  put of the  upon the tip of their right , and upon the thumbs of their right hands, and upon the great toes of their right feet: and  sprinkled the  upon the  round about.

 And he took the , and the rump, and all the  that was upon the inwards, and the  above the , and the two kidneys, and their , and the right shoulder:

 And out of the  of unleavened , that was before the LORD, he took one unleavened , and a  of oiled , and one wafer, and put them on the , and upon the right shoulder:

 And he put all upon Aaron's hands, and upon his sons' hands, and waved them for a wave  before the LORD.

 And  took them from off their hands, and burnt them on the  upon the burnt : they were consecrations for a sweet savour: it is an  made by fire unto the LORD.

 And  took the breast, and waved it for a wave  before the LORD: for of the  of  it was Moses' part; as the LORD commanded .

 And  took of the anointing oil, and of the  which was upon the , and sprinkled it upon , and upon his garments, and upon his sons, and upon his sons' garments with him; and sanctified , and his garments, and his sons, and his sons' garments with him.

 And  said unto  and to his sons,  the  at the door of the  of the : and there eat it with the  that is in the  of consecrations, as I commanded, saying,  and his sons shall eat it.

 And that which remaineth of the  and of the  shall ye burn with fire.

 And ye shall not go out of the door of the  of the  in  days, until the days of your  be at an end: for  days shall he consecrate you.

 As he hath done this day, so the LORD hath commanded to do, to make an  for you.

 Therefore shall ye abide at the door of the  of the  day and night  days, and keep the charge of the LORD, that ye die not: for so I am commanded.

 So  and his sons did all things which the LORD commanded by the hand of .
