King James Version: Leviticus: Leviticus Chapter
King James Version: Leviticus Chapter
And the LORD called unto , and spake unto him out of the  of the , saying,

 Speak unto the children of , and say unto them, If any man of you bring an  unto the LORD, ye shall bring your  of the , even of the , and of the flock.

 If his  be a burnt  of the , let him offer a male without : he shall offer it of his own voluntary will at the door of the  of the  before the LORD.

 And he shall put his hand upon the head of the burnt ; and it shall be accepted for him to make  for him.

 And he shall kill the  before the LORD: and the priests, Aaron's sons, shall bring the , and sprinkle the  round about upon the  that is by the door of the  of the .

 And he shall flay the burnt , and cut it into his .

 And the sons of  the  shall put fire upon the , and lay the  in order upon the fire:

 And the priests, Aaron's sons, shall lay the parts, the head, and the , in order upon the  that is on the fire which is upon the :

 But his inwards and his legs shall he wash in water: and the  shall burn all on the , to be a burnt , an  made by fire, of a sweet savour unto the LORD.

 And if his  be of the flocks, namely, of the , or of the goats, for a burnt ; he shall bring it a male without .

 And he shall kill it on the side of the   before the LORD: and the priests, Aaron's sons, shall sprinkle his  round about upon the .

 And he shall cut it into his , with his head and his : and the  shall lay them in order on the  that is on the fire which is upon the :

 But he shall wash the inwards and the legs with water: and the  shall bring it all, and burn it upon the : it is a burnt , an  made by fire, of a sweet savour unto the LORD.

 And if the burnt  for his  to the LORD be of fowls, then he shall bring his  of turtledoves, or of young pigeons.

 And the  shall bring it unto the , and wring off his head, and burn it on the ; and the  thereof shall be wrung out at the side of the :

 And he shall pluck away his crop with his feathers, and cast it beside the  on the  part, by the place of the :

 And he shall cleave it with the wings thereof, but shall not divide it asunder: and the  shall burn it upon the , upon the  that is upon the fire: it is a burnt , an  made by fire, of a sweet savour unto the LORD.
