King James Version: Leviticus: Leviticus Chapter
King James Version: Leviticus Chapter
And the LORD spake unto , saying,

 Speak unto the children of , saying, If a soul shall  through ignorance against any of the commandments of the LORD concerning things which ought not to be done, and shall do against any of them:

 If the  that is anointed do  according to the  of the people; then let him bring for his , which he hath sinned, a young  without  unto the LORD for a  .

 And he shall bring the  unto the door of the  of the  before the LORD; and shall lay his hand upon the bullock's head, and kill the  before the LORD.

 And the  that is anointed shall take of the bullock's , and bring it to the  of the :

 And the  shall dip his finger in the , and sprinkle of the   times before the LORD, before the vail of the .

 And the  shall put some of the  upon the horns of the  of sweet  before the LORD, which is in the  of the ; and shall pour all the  of the  at the bottom of the  of the burnt , which is at the door of the  of the .

 And he shall take off from it all the  of the  for the  ; the  that covereth the inwards, and all the  that is upon the inwards,

 And the two kidneys, and the  that is upon them, which is by the flanks, and the  above the , with the kidneys, it shall he take away,

 As it was taken off from the  of the  of peace offerings: and the  shall burn them upon the  of the burnt .

 And the skin of the , and all his , with his head, and with his legs, and his inwards, and his ,

 Even the whole  shall he carry forth without the  unto a  place, where the  are poured out, and burn him on the  with fire: where the  are poured out shall he be burnt.

 And if the whole  of   through ignorance, and the thing be hid from the eyes of the assembly, and they have done somewhat against any of the commandments of the LORD concerning things which should not be done, and are guilty;

 When the , which they have sinned against it, is known, then the  shall offer a young  for the , and bring him before the  of the .

 And the elders of the  shall lay their hands upon the head of the  before the LORD: and the  shall be killed before the LORD.

 And the  that is anointed shall bring of the bullock's  to the  of the :

 And the  shall dip his finger in some of the , and sprinkle it  times before the LORD, even before the vail.

 And he shall put some of the  upon the horns of the  which is before the LORD, that is in the  of the , and shall pour out all the  at the bottom of the  of the burnt , which is at the door of the  of the .

 And he shall take all his  from him, and burn it upon the .

 And he shall do with the  as he did with the  for a  , so shall he do with this: and the  shall make an  for them, and it shall be forgiven them.

 And he shall carry forth the  without the , and burn him as he burned the first : it is a   for the .

 When a ruler hath sinned, and done somewhat through ignorance against any of the commandments of the LORD his God concerning things which should not be done, and is guilty;

 Or if his , wherein he hath sinned, come to his knowledge; he shall bring his , a kid of the goats, a male without :

 And he shall lay his hand upon the head of the , and kill it in the place where they kill the burnt  before the LORD: it is a  .

 And the  shall take of the  of the   with his finger, and put it upon the horns of the  of burnt , and shall pour out his  at the bottom of the  of burnt .

 And he shall burn all his  upon the , as the  of the  of peace offerings: and the  shall make an  for him as concerning his , and it shall be forgiven him.

 And if any one of the common people  through ignorance, while he doeth somewhat against any of the commandments of the LORD concerning things which ought not to be done, and be guilty;

 Or if his , which he hath sinned, come to his knowledge: then he shall bring his , a kid of the goats, a female without , for his  which he hath sinned.

 And he shall lay his hand upon the head of the  , and slay the   in the place of the burnt .

 And the  shall take of the  thereof with his finger, and put it upon the horns of the  of burnt , and shall pour out all the  thereof at the bottom of the .

 And he shall take away all the  thereof, as the  is taken away from off the  of peace offerings; and the  shall burn it upon the  for a sweet savour unto the LORD; and the  shall make an  for him, and it shall be forgiven him.

 And if he bring a  for a  , he shall bring it a female without .

 And he shall lay his hand upon the head of the  , and slay it for a   in the place where they kill the burnt .

 And the  shall take of the  of the   with his finger, and put it upon the horns of the  of burnt , and shall pour out all the  thereof at the bottom of the :

 And he shall take away all the  thereof, as the  of the  is taken away from the  of the peace offerings; and the  shall burn them upon the , according to the offerings made by fire unto the LORD: and the  shall make an  for his  that he hath committed, and it shall be forgiven him.
