King James Version: Leviticus: Leviticus Chapter
King James Version: Leviticus Chapter
And the LORD spake unto , saying,

 Speak unto the children of , and say unto them, Concerning the feasts of the LORD, which ye shall proclaim to be holy convocations, even these are my feasts.

 Six days shall work be done: but the seventh day is the  of rest, an holy ; ye shall do no work therein: it is the  of the LORD in all your .

 These are the feasts of the LORD, even holy convocations, which ye shall proclaim in their .

 In the fourteenth day of the first month at even is the LORD's .

 And on the fifteenth day of the same month is the  of unleavened  unto the LORD:  days ye must eat unleavened .

 In the first day ye shall have an holy : ye shall do no servile work therein.

 But ye shall offer an  made by fire unto the LORD  days: in the seventh day is an holy : ye shall do no servile work therein.

 And the LORD spake unto , saying,

 Speak unto the children of , and say unto them, When ye be come into the land which I give unto you, and shall reap the  thereof, then ye shall bring a sheaf of the firstfruits of your  unto the :

 And he shall wave the sheaf before the LORD, to be accepted for you: on the morrow after the  the  shall wave it.

 And ye shall offer that day when ye wave the sheaf an he  without  of the first year for a burnt  unto the LORD.

 And the meat  thereof shall be two tenth deals of fine  mingled with oil, an  made by fire unto the LORD for a sweet savour: and the   thereof shall be of , the fourth part of an hin.

 And ye shall eat neither , nor parched , nor green ears, until the selfsame day that ye have brought an  unto your God: it shall be a statute for ever throughout your generations in all your .

 And ye shall count unto you from the morrow after the , from the day that ye brought the sheaf of the wave ;  sabbaths shall be complete:

 Even unto the morrow after the seventh  shall ye number fifty days; and ye shall offer a new meat  unto the LORD.

 Ye shall bring out of your habitations two wave loaves of two tenth deals; they shall be of fine ; they shall be baken with ; they are the firstfruits unto the LORD.

 And ye shall offer with the   lambs without  of the first year, and one young , and two rams: they shall be for a burnt  unto the LORD, with their meat , and their  offerings, even an  made by fire, of sweet savour unto the LORD.

 Then ye shall  one kid of the goats for a  , and two lambs of the first year for a  of peace offerings.

 And the  shall wave them with the  of the firstfruits for a wave  before the LORD, with the two lambs: they shall be holy to the LORD for the .

 And ye shall proclaim on the selfsame day, that it may be an holy  unto you: ye shall do no servile work therein: it shall be a statute for ever in all your  throughout your generations.

 And when ye reap the  of your land, thou shalt not make  riddance of the corners of thy field when thou reapest, neither shalt thou gather any gleaning of thy : thou shalt leave them unto the , and to the : I am the LORD your God.

 And the LORD spake unto , saying,

 Speak unto the children of , saying, In the seventh month, in the first day of the month, shall ye have a , a memorial of blowing of , an holy .

 Ye shall do no servile work therein: but ye shall offer an  made by fire unto the LORD.

 And the LORD spake unto , saying,

 Also on the tenth day of this seventh month there shall be a day of : it shall be an holy  unto you; and ye shall afflict your souls, and offer an  made by fire unto the LORD.

 And ye shall do no work in that same day: for it is a day of , to make an  for you before the LORD your God.

 For whatsoever soul it be that shall not be afflicted in that same day, he shall be cut off from among his people.

 And whatsoever soul it be that doeth any work in that same day, the same soul will I destroy from among his people.

 Ye shall do no manner of work: it shall be a statute for ever throughout your generations in all your .

 It shall be unto you a  of rest, and ye shall afflict your souls: in the ninth day of the month at even, from even unto even, shall ye celebrate your .

 And the LORD spake unto , saying,

 Speak unto the children of , saying, The fifteenth day of this seventh month shall be the  of tabernacles for  days unto the LORD.

 On the first day shall be an holy : ye shall do no servile work therein.

  days ye shall offer an  made by fire unto the LORD: on the eighth day shall be an holy  unto you; and ye shall offer an  made by fire unto the LORD: it is a solemn assembly; and ye shall do no servile work therein.

 These are the feasts of the LORD, which ye shall proclaim to be holy convocations, to offer an  made by fire unto the LORD, a burnt , and a meat , a , and  offerings, every thing upon his day:

 Beside the sabbaths of the LORD, and beside your gifts, and beside all your , and beside all your freewill offerings, which ye give unto the LORD.

 Also in the fifteenth day of the seventh month, when ye have gathered in the  of the land, ye shall keep a  unto the LORD  days: on the first day shall be a , and on the eighth day shall be a .

 And ye shall take you on the first day the boughs of goodly trees, branches of palm trees, and the boughs of thick trees, and  of the ; and ye shall rejoice before the LORD your God  days.

 And ye shall keep it a  unto the LORD  days in the year. It shall be a statute for ever in your generations: ye shall celebrate it in the seventh month.

 Ye shall dwell in booths  days; all that are Israelites born shall dwell in booths:

 That your generations may know that I made the children of  to dwell in booths, when I brought them out of the land of : I am the LORD your God.

 And  declared unto the children of  the feasts of the LORD.
