King James Version: Leviticus: Leviticus Chapter
King James Version: Leviticus Chapter
And it came to pass on the eighth day, that  called  and his sons, and the elders of ;

 And he said unto , Take thee a young  for a  , and a  for a burnt , without , and offer them before the LORD.

 And unto the children of  thou shalt speak, saying, Take ye a kid of the goats for a  ; and a  and a , both of the first year, without , for a burnt ;

 Also a  and a  for peace offerings, to  before the LORD; and a meat  mingled with oil: for to day the LORD will appear unto you.

 And they brought that which  commanded before the  of the : and all the  drew near and stood before the LORD.

 And  said, This is the thing which the LORD commanded that ye should do: and the  of the LORD shall appear unto you.

 And  said unto , Go unto the , and offer thy  , and thy burnt , and make an  for thyself, and for the people: and offer the  of the people, and make an  for them; as the LORD commanded.

  therefore went unto the , and slew the  of the  , which was for himself.

 And the sons of  brought the  unto him: and he dipped his finger in the , and put it upon the horns of the , and poured out the  at the bottom of the :

 But the , and the kidneys, and the  above the  of the  , he burnt upon the ; as the LORD commanded .

 And the  and the hide he burnt with fire without the .

 And he slew the burnt ; and Aaron's sons presented unto him the , which he sprinkled round about upon the .

 And they presented the burnt  unto him, with the  thereof, and the head: and he burnt them upon the .

 And he did wash the inwards and the legs, and burnt them upon the burnt  on the .

 And he brought the people's , and took the , which was the   for the people, and slew it, and offered it for , as the first.

 And he brought the burnt , and offered it according to the manner.

 And he brought the meat , and took an handful thereof, and burnt it upon the , beside the burnt  of the morning.

 He slew also the  and the  for a  of peace offerings, which was for the people: and Aaron's sons presented unto him the , which he sprinkled upon the  round about,

 And the  of the  and of the , the rump, and that which covereth the inwards, and the kidneys, and the  above the :

 And they put the  upon the breasts, and he burnt the  upon the :

 And the breasts and the right shoulder  waved for a wave  before the LORD; as  commanded.

 And  lifted up his hand toward the people, and blessed them, and came down from  of the  , and the burnt , and peace offerings.

 And  and  went into the  of the , and came out, and blessed the people: and the  of the LORD appeared unto all the people.

 And there came a fire out from before the LORD, and consumed upon the  the burnt  and the : which when all the people saw, they shouted, and fell on their faces.
