King James Version: Leviticus: Leviticus Chapter
King James Version: Leviticus Chapter
And the LORD spake unto , saying,

 Speak unto , and unto his sons, and unto all the children of , and say unto them; This is the thing which the LORD hath commanded, saying,

 What man soever there be of the house of , that killeth an , or , or , in the , or that killeth it out of the ,

 And bringeth it not unto the door of the  of the , to offer an  unto the LORD before the  of the LORD;  shall be imputed unto that man; he hath shed ; and that man shall be cut off from among his people:

 To the end that the children of  may bring their sacrifices, which they offer in the open field, even that they may bring them unto the LORD, unto the door of the  of the , unto the , and offer them for peace offerings unto the LORD.

 And the  shall sprinkle the  upon the  of the LORD at the door of the  of the , and burn the  for a sweet savour unto the LORD.

 And they shall no more offer their sacrifices unto devils, after whom they have gone a whoring. This shall be a statute for ever unto them throughout their generations.

 And thou shalt say unto them, Whatsoever man there be of the house of , or of the strangers which sojourn among you, that offereth a burnt  or ,

 And bringeth it not unto the door of the  of the , to offer it unto the LORD; even that man shall be cut off from among his people.

 And whatsoever man there be of the house of , or of the strangers that sojourn among you, that eateth any manner of ; I will even set my face against that soul that eateth , and will cut him off from among his people.

 For the life of the  is in the : and I have given it to you upon the  to make an  for your souls: for it is the  that maketh an  for the soul.

 Therefore I said unto the children of , No soul of you shall eat , neither shall any  that sojourneth among you eat .

 And whatsoever man there be of the children of , or of the strangers that sojourn among you, which hunteth and catcheth any  or fowl that may be eaten; he shall even pour out the  thereof, and cover it with .

 For it is the life of all ; the  of it is for the life thereof: therefore I said unto the children of , Ye shall eat the  of no manner of : for the life of all  is the  thereof: whosoever eateth it shall be cut off.

 And every soul that eateth that which died of itself, or that which was torn with beasts, whether it be one of your own country, or a , he shall both wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and be unclean until the even: then shall he be .

 But if he wash them not, nor bathe his ; then he shall bear his iniquity.
