King James Version: Leviticus: Leviticus Chapter
King James Version: Leviticus Chapter
And the LORD spake unto  and to , saying unto them,

 Speak unto the children of , saying, These are the beasts which ye shall eat among all the beasts that are on the earth.

 Whatsoever parteth the , and is clovenfooted, and cheweth the cud, among the beasts, that shall ye eat.

 Nevertheless these shall ye not eat of them that chew the cud, or of them that divide the : as the , because he cheweth the cud, but divideth not the ; he is unclean unto you.

 And the , because he cheweth the cud, but divideth not the ; he is unclean unto you.

 And the , because he cheweth the cud, but divideth not the ; he is unclean unto you.

 And the , though he divide the , and be clovenfooted, yet he cheweth not the cud; he is unclean to you.

 Of their  shall ye not eat, and their  shall ye not touch; they are unclean to you.

 These shall ye eat of all that are in the waters: whatsoever hath fins and scales in the waters, in the seas, and in the rivers, them shall ye eat.

 And all that have not fins and scales in the seas, and in the rivers, of all that move in the waters, and of any living thing which is in the waters, they shall be an  unto you:

 They shall be even an  unto you; ye shall not eat of their , but ye shall have their carcases in .

 Whatsoever hath no fins nor scales in the waters, that shall be an  unto you.

 And these are they which ye shall have in  among the fowls; they shall not be eaten, they are an : the , and the , and the ospray,

 And the , and the  after his kind;

 Every  after his kind;

 And the , and the night , and the cuckow, and the  after his kind,

 And the little , and the , and the great ,

 And the , and the pelican, and the gier ,

 And the , the  after her kind, and the , and the .

 All fowls that creep, going upon all four, shall be an  unto you.

 Yet these may ye eat of every flying creeping thing that goeth upon all four, which have legs above their feet, to leap withal upon the earth;

 Even these of them ye may eat; the  after his kind, and the bald  after his kind, and the  after his kind, and the  after his kind.

 But all other flying creeping things, which have four feet, shall be an  unto you.

 And for these ye shall be unclean: whosoever toucheth the  of them shall be unclean until the even.

 And whosoever beareth ought of the  of them shall wash his clothes, and be unclean until the even.

 The carcases of every  which divideth the , and is not clovenfooted, nor cheweth the cud, are unclean unto you: every one that toucheth them shall be unclean.

 And whatsoever goeth upon his paws, among all manner of beasts that go on all four, those are unclean unto you: whoso toucheth their  shall be unclean until the even.

 And he that beareth the  of them shall wash his clothes, and be unclean until the even: they are unclean unto you.

 These also shall be unclean unto you among the creeping things that creep upon the earth; the , and the , and the  after his kind,

 And the , and the , and the , and the , and the .

 These are unclean to you among all that creep: whosoever doth touch them, when they be dead, shall be unclean until the even.

 And upon whatsoever any of them, when they are dead, doth fall, it shall be unclean; whether it be any vessel of , or raiment, or skin, or sack, whatsoever vessel it be, wherein any work is done, it must be put into water, and it shall be unclean until the even; so it shall be cleansed.

 And every earthen vessel, whereinto any of them falleth, whatsoever is in it shall be unclean; and ye shall break it.

 Of all meat which may be eaten, that on which such water cometh shall be unclean: and all  that may be  in every such vessel shall be unclean.

 And every thing whereupon any part of their  falleth shall be unclean; whether it be , or  for pots, they shall be broken down: for they are unclean and shall be unclean unto you.

 Nevertheless a  or , wherein there is plenty of water, shall be : but that which toucheth their  shall be unclean.

 And if any part of their  fall upon any sowing seed which is to be sown, it shall be .

 But if any water be put upon the seed, and any part of their  fall thereon, it shall be unclean unto you.

 And if any , of which ye may eat, die; he that toucheth the  thereof shall be unclean until the even.

 And he that eateth of the  of it shall wash his clothes, and be unclean until the even: he also that beareth the  of it shall wash his clothes, and be unclean until the even.

 And every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth shall be an ; it shall not be eaten.

 Whatsoever goeth upon the , and whatsoever goeth upon all four, or whatsoever hath more feet among all creeping things that creep upon the earth, them ye shall not eat; for they are an .

 Ye shall not make yourselves abominable with any creeping thing that creepeth, neither shall ye make yourselves unclean with them, that ye should be defiled thereby.

 For I am the LORD your God: ye shall therefore sanctify yourselves, and ye shall be holy; for I am holy: neither shall ye defile yourselves with any manner of creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth.

 For I am the LORD that bringeth you up out of the land of , to be your God: ye shall therefore be holy, for I am holy.

 This is the law of the beasts, and of the fowl, and of every living  that moveth in the waters, and of every  that creepeth upon the earth:

 To make a difference between the unclean and the , and between the  that may be eaten and the  that may not be eaten.
