King James Version: Leviticus: Leviticus Chapter
King James Version: Leviticus Chapter
And if his oblation be a  of peace , if he offer it of the ; whether it be a male or female, he shall offer it without  before the LORD.

 And he shall lay his hand upon the head of his , and kill it at the door of the  of the : and Aaron's sons the priests shall sprinkle the  upon the  round about.

 And he shall offer of the  of the peace  an  made by fire unto the LORD; the  that covereth the inwards, and all the  that is upon the inwards,

 And the two kidneys, and the  that is on them, which is by the flanks, and the  above the , with the kidneys, it shall he take away.

 And Aaron's sons shall burn it on the  upon the burnt , which is upon the  that is on the fire: it is an  made by fire, of a sweet savour unto the LORD.

 And if his  for a  of peace  unto the LORD be of the flock; male or female, he shall offer it without .

 If he offer a  for his , then shall he offer it before the LORD.

 And he shall lay his hand upon the head of his , and kill it before the  of the : and Aaron's sons shall sprinkle the  thereof round about upon the .

 And he shall offer of the  of the peace  an  made by fire unto the LORD; the  thereof, and the whole rump, it shall he take off hard by the backbone; and the  that covereth the inwards, and all the  that is upon the inwards,

 And the two kidneys, and the  that is upon them, which is by the flanks, and the  above the , with the kidneys, it shall he take away.

 And the  shall burn it upon the : it is the food of the  made by fire unto the LORD.

 And if his  be a , then he shall offer it before the LORD.

 And he shall lay his hand upon the head of it, and kill it before the  of the : and the sons of  shall sprinkle the  thereof upon the  round about.

 And he shall offer thereof his , even an  made by fire unto the LORD; the  that covereth the inwards, and all the  that is upon the inwards,

 And the two kidneys, and the  that is upon them, which is by the flanks, and the  above the , with the kidneys, it shall he take away.

 And the  shall burn them upon the : it is the food of the  made by fire for a sweet savour: all the  is the LORD's.

 It shall be a perpetual statute for your generations throughout all your , that ye eat neither  nor .
