King James Version: Micah: Micah Chapter
King James Version: Micah Chapter
Hear ye now what the LORD saith; Arise, contend thou before the mountains, and let the hills hear thy voice.

 Hear ye, O mountains, the LORD's controversy, and ye strong foundations of the earth: for the LORD hath a controversy with his people, and he will plead with .

 O my people, what have I done unto thee? and wherein have I wearied thee? testify against me.

 For I brought thee up out of the land of , and redeemed thee out of the house of servants; and I sent before thee , , and .

 O my people, remember now what   of  consulted, and what  the son of  answered him from  unto ; that ye may know the  of the LORD.

 Wherewith shall I come before the LORD, and  myself before the high God? shall I come before him with burnt offerings, with calves of a year old?

 Will the LORD be pleased with  of rams, or with ten  of rivers of oil? shall I give my firstborn for my transgression, the  of my body for the  of my soul?

 He hath shewed thee, O man, what is good; and what doth the LORD require of thee, but to do justly, and to love , and to walk humbly with thy God?

 The LORD's voice crieth unto the city, and the man of wisdom shall see thy name: hear ye the rod, and who hath appointed it.

 Are there yet the treasures of wickedness in the house of the wicked, and the scant measure that is abominable?

 Shall I count them pure with the wicked balances, and with the  of deceitful ?

 For the rich men thereof are full of violence, and the inhabitants thereof have spoken lies, and their tongue is deceitful in their mouth.

 Therefore also will I make thee sick in smiting thee, in making thee desolate because of thy sins.

 Thou shalt eat, but not be satisfied; and thy casting down shall be in the midst of thee; and thou shalt take hold, but shalt not deliver; and that which thou deliverest will I give up to the .

 Thou shalt sow, but thou shalt not reap; thou shalt tread the olives, but thou shalt not  thee with oil; and sweet , but shalt not  .

 For the statutes of  are kept, and all the works of the house of , and ye walk in their counsels; that I should make thee a desolation, and the inhabitants thereof an hissing: therefore ye shall bear the reproach of my people.
