King James Version: Micah: Micah Chapter
King James Version: Micah Chapter
The word of the LORD that came to  the Morasthite in the days of , , and , kings of , which he saw concerning  and .

 Hear, all ye people; hearken, O earth, and all that therein is: and let the Lord GOD be  against you, the LORD from his holy .

 For, behold, the LORD cometh forth out of his place, and will come down, and tread upon the high places of the earth.

 And the mountains shall be molten under him, and the valleys shall be cleft, as  before the fire, and as the waters that are poured down a steep place.

 For the transgression of  is all this, and for the sins of the house of . What is the transgression of ? is it not ? and what are the high places of ? are they not ?

 Therefore I will make  as an  of the field, and as plantings of a vineyard: and I will pour down the stones thereof into the , and I will discover the foundations thereof.

 And all the graven images thereof shall be beaten to , and all the hires thereof shall be burned with the fire, and all the idols thereof will I lay desolate: for she gathered it of the hire of an , and they shall return to the hire of an .

 Therefore I will wail and howl, I will go stripped and : I will make a wailing like the dragons, and mourning as the owls.

 For her wound is incurable; for it is come unto ; he is come unto the  of my people, even to .

 Declare ye it not at , weep ye not at all: in the house of Aphrah  thyself in the .

 Pass ye away, thou inhabitant of , having thy shame : the inhabitant of  came not forth in the mourning of Bethezel; he shall receive of you his standing.

 For the inhabitant of  waited carefully for good: but evil came down from the LORD unto the  of .

 O thou inhabitant of , bind the  to the swift : she is the beginning of the  to the daughter of : for the transgressions of  were found in thee.

 Therefore shalt thou give presents to Moreshethgath: the houses of  shall be a lie to the kings of .

 Yet will I bring an  unto thee, O inhabitant of : he shall come unto  the  of .

 Make thee bald, and poll thee for thy delicate children; enlarge thy  as the ; for they are gone into  from thee.
