King James Version: Esther: Esther Chapter
King James Version: Esther Chapter
When  perceived all that was done,   his clothes, and put on  with , and went out into the midst of the city, and cried with a loud and a  cry;

 And came even before the king's : for none might enter into the king's  clothed with .

 And in every province, whithersoever the king's commandment and his decree came, there was great mourning among the Jews, and fasting, and weeping, and wailing; and many lay in  and .

 So Esther's maids and her chamberlains came and told it her. Then was the  exceedingly grieved; and she sent raiment to clothe , and to take away his  from him: but he received it not.

 Then called  for , one of the king's chamberlains, whom he had appointed to attend upon her, and gave him a commandment to , to know what it was, and why it was.

 So  went forth to  unto the street of the city, which was before the king's .

 And  told him of all that had happened unto him, and of the sum of the money that  had promised to pay to the king's treasuries for the Jews, to destroy them.

 Also he gave him the copy of the  of the decree that was given at  to destroy them, to shew it unto , and to declare it unto her, and to charge her that she should go in unto the , to make supplication unto him, and to make request before him for her people.

 And  came and told  the words of .

 Again  spake unto , and gave him commandment unto ;

 All the king's servants, and the people of the king's provinces, do know, that whosoever, whether man or women, shall come unto the  into the inner court, who is not called, there is one law of his to put him to death, except such to whom the  shall hold out the golden , that he may live: but I have not been called to come in unto the  these thirty days.

 And they told to  Esther's words.

 Then  commanded to answer , Think not with thyself that thou shalt escape in the king's house, more than all the Jews.

 For if thou altogether holdest thy peace at this time, then shall there enlargement and deliverance arise to the Jews from another place; but thou and thy father's house shall be destroyed: and who knoweth whether thou art come to the kingdom for such a time as this?

 Then  bade them return  this answer,

 Go, gather together all the Jews that are present in , and  ye for me, and neither eat nor  three days, night or day: I also and my maidens will  likewise; and so will I go in unto the , which is not according to the law: and if I perish, I perish.

 So  went his way, and did according to all that  had commanded him.
