King James Version: Esther: Esther Chapter
King James Version: Esther Chapter
On that night could not the  sleep, and he commanded to bring the book of records of the ; and they were read before the .

 And it was found written, that  had told of Bigthana and , two of the king's chamberlains, the keepers of the door, who sought to lay hand on the  .

 And the  said, What honour and dignity hath been done to  for this? Then said the king's servants that ministered unto him, There is nothing done for him.

 And the  said, Who is in the court? Now  was come into the outward court of the king's house, to speak unto the  to hang  on the  that he had prepared for him.

 And the king's servants said unto him, Behold,  standeth in the court. And the  said, Let him come in.

 So  came in. And the  said unto him, What shall be done unto the man whom the  delighteth to honour? Now  thought in his heart, To whom would the  delight to do honour more than to myself?

 And  answered the , For the man whom the  delighteth to honour,

 Let the royal  be brought which the  useth to wear, and the horse that the  rideth upon, and the  royal which is set upon his head:

 And let this  and horse be delivered to the hand of one of the king's most noble princes, that they may array the man withal whom the  delighteth to honour, and bring him on horseback through the street of the city, and proclaim before him, Thus shall it be done to the man whom the  delighteth to honour.

 Then the  said to , Make haste, and take the  and the horse, as thou hast said, and do even so to  the , that sitteth at the king's : let nothing fail of all that thou hast spoken.

 Then took  the  and the horse, and arrayed , and brought him on horseback through the street of the city, and proclaimed before him, Thus shall it be done unto the man whom the  delighteth to honour.

 And  came again to the king's . But  hasted to his house mourning, and having his head covered.

 And  told  his wife and all his friends every thing that had befallen him. Then said his  men and  his wife unto him, If  be of the seed of the Jews, before whom thou hast begun to fall, thou shalt not prevail against him, but shalt surely fall before him.

 And while they were yet talking with him, came the king's chamberlains, and hasted to bring  unto the  that  had prepared.
