King James Version: Esther: Esther Chapter
King James Version: Esther Chapter
Now it came to pass in the days of , (this is  which reigned, from  even unto , over an hundred and  and twenty provinces:)

 That in those days, when the   sat on the  of his kingdom, which was in  the ,

 In the third year of his reign, he made a  unto all his princes and his servants; the power of  and , the nobles and princes of the provinces, being before him:

 When he shewed the riches of his glorious kingdom and the honour of his excellent majesty many days, even an hundred and fourscore days.

 And when these days were expired, the  made a  unto all the people that were present in  the , both unto great and small,  days, in the court of the garden of the king's ;

 Where were white, green, and , hangings, fastened with cords of fine  and purple to  rings and pillars of : the beds were of  and , upon a  of red, and , and white, and black, .

 And they gave them  in vessels of , (the vessels being diverse one from another,) and royal  in abundance, according to the state of the .

 And the drinking was according to the law; none did compel: for so the  had appointed to all the officers of his house, that they should do according to every man's pleasure.

 Also  the  made a  for the women in the royal house which belonged to  .

 On the seventh day, when the heart of the  was merry with , he commanded , Biztha, , , and , Zethar, and Carcas, the  chamberlains that served in the presence of  the ,

 To bring  the  before the  with the  royal, to shew the people and the princes her beauty: for she was fair to look on.

 But the   refused to come at the king's commandment by his chamberlains: therefore was the  very wroth, and his  burned in him.

 Then the  said to the  men, which knew the times, (for so was the king's manner toward all that knew law and judgment:

 And the next unto him was Carshena, , Admatha, , Meres, Marsena, and , the  princes of  and , which saw the king's face, and which sat the first in the kingdom;)

 What shall we do unto the   according to law, because she hath not performed the commandment of the   by the chamberlains?

 And  answered before the  and the princes,  the  hath not done wrong to the  only, but also to all the princes, and to all the people that are in all the provinces of the  .

 For this deed of the  shall come abroad unto all women, so that they shall despise their husbands in their eyes, when it shall be reported, The   commanded  the  to be brought in before him, but she came not.

 Likewise shall the ladies of  and  say this day unto all the king's princes, which have heard of the deed of the . Thus shall there arise too much contempt and wrath.

 If it please the , let there go a royal commandment from him, and let it be written among the laws of the Persians and the Medes, that it be not altered, That  come no more before  ; and let the  give her royal estate unto another that is better than she.

 And when the king's decree which he shall make shall be published throughout all his empire, (for it is great,) all the wives shall give to their husbands honour, both to great and small.

 And the saying pleased the  and the princes; and the  did according to the word of :

 For he sent letters into all the king's provinces, into every province according to the  thereof, and to every people after their language, that every man should bear rule in his own house, and that it should be published according to the language of every people.
