King James Version: Esther: Esther Chapter
King James Version: Esther Chapter
After these things did   promote  the son of  the , and advanced him, and set his seat above all the princes that were with him.

 And all the king's servants, that were in the king's , bowed, and reverenced : for the  had so commanded concerning him. But  bowed not, nor did him reverence.

 Then the king's servants, which were in the king's , said unto , Why transgressest thou the king's commandment?

 Now it came to pass, when they spake daily unto him, and he hearkened not unto them, that they told , to see whether Mordecai's matters would stand: for he had told them that he was a .

 And when  saw that  bowed not, nor did him reverence, then was  full of wrath.

 And he thought scorn to lay hands on  alone; for they had shewed him the people of : wherefore  sought to destroy all the Jews that were throughout the whole kingdom of , even the people of .

 In the first month, that is, the month , in the twelfth year of  , they cast , that is, the lot, before  from day to day, and from month to month, to the twelfth month, that is, the month .

 And  said unto  , There is a certain people scattered abroad and dispersed among the people in all the provinces of thy kingdom; and their laws are diverse from all people; neither keep they the king's laws: therefore it is not for the king's profit to suffer them.

 If it please the , let it be written that they may be destroyed: and I will pay ten thousand talents of  to the hands of those that have the charge of the business, to bring it into the king's treasuries.

 And the  took his  from his hand, and gave it unto  the son of  the , the Jews' enemy.

 And the  said unto , The  is given to thee, the people also, to do with them as it seemeth good to thee.

 Then were the king's  called on the thirteenth day of the first month, and there was written according to all that  had commanded unto the king's lieutenants, and to the governors that were over every province, and to the rulers of every people of every province according to the  thereof, and to every people after their language; in the name of   was it written, and sealed with the king's .

 And the letters were sent by posts into all the king's provinces, to destroy, to kill, and to cause to perish, all Jews, both young and old, little children and women, in one day, even upon the thirteenth day of the twelfth month, which is the month , and to take the spoil of them for a prey.

 The copy of the  for a commandment to be given in every province was published unto all people, that they should be ready against that day.

 The posts went out, being hastened by the king's commandment, and the decree was given in  the . And the  and  sat down to ; but the city  was perplexed.
