King James Version: Esther: Esther Chapter
King James Version: Esther Chapter
On that day did the   give the house of  the Jews' enemy unto  the . And  came before the ; for  had told what he was unto her.

 And the  took off his , which he had taken from , and gave it unto . And  set  over the house of .

 And  spake yet again before the , and fell down at his feet, and besought him with tears to put away the mischief of  the , and his device that he had devised against the Jews.

 Then the  held out the golden  toward . So  arose, and stood before the ,

 And said, If it please the , and if I have favour in his sight, and the thing seem right before the , and I be pleasing in his eyes, let it be written to reverse the letters devised by  the son of  the , which he wrote to destroy the Jews which are in all the king's provinces:

 For how can I endure to see the evil that shall come unto my people? or how can I endure to see the  of my kindred?

 Then the   said unto  the  and to  the , Behold, I have given  the house of , and him they have hanged upon the , because he laid his hand upon the Jews.

 Write ye also for the Jews, as it liketh you, in the king's name, and  it with the king's : for the  which is written in the king's name, and sealed with the king's , may no man reverse.

 Then were the king's  called at that time in the third month, that is, the month , on the three and twentieth day thereof; and it was written according to all that  commanded unto the Jews, and to the lieutenants, and the deputies and rulers of the provinces which are from  unto , an hundred twenty and  provinces, unto every province according to the  thereof, and unto every people after their language, and to the Jews according to their , and according to their language.

 And he wrote in the  Ahasuerus' name, and sealed it with the king's , and sent letters by posts on horseback, and riders on mules, camels, and young dromedaries:

 Wherein the  granted the Jews which were in every city to gather themselves together, and to stand for their life, to destroy, to slay and to cause to perish, all the power of the people and province that would assault them, both little ones and women, and to take the spoil of them for a prey,

 Upon one day in all the provinces of  , namely, upon the thirteenth day of the twelfth month, which is the month .

 The copy of the  for a commandment to be given in every province was published unto all people, and that the Jews should be ready against that day to avenge themselves on their enemies.

 So the posts that rode upon mules and camels went out, being hastened and pressed on by the king's commandment. And the decree was given at  the .

 And  went out from the presence of the  in royal  of  and white, and with a great  of , and with a garment of fine  and purple: and the city of  rejoiced and was glad.

 The Jews had light, and gladness, and joy, and honour.

 And in every province, and in every city, whithersoever the king's commandment and his decree came, the Jews had joy and gladness, a  and a good day. And many of the people of the land became Jews; for the fear of the Jews fell upon them.
