King James Version: Esther: Esther Chapter
King James Version: Esther Chapter
Now it came to pass on the third day, that  put on her royal , and stood in the inner court of the king's house, over against the king's house: and the  sat upon his royal  in the royal house, over against the  of the house.

 And it was so, when the  saw  the  standing in the court, that she obtained favour in his sight: and the  held out to  the golden  that was in his hand. So  drew near, and touched the top of the .

 Then said the  unto her, What wilt thou,  ? and what is thy request? it shall be even given thee to the half of the kingdom.

 And  answered, If it seem good unto the , let the  and  come this day unto the  that I have prepared for him.

 Then the  said, Cause  to make haste, that he may do as  hath said. So the  and  came to the  that  had prepared.

 And the  said unto  at the  of , What is thy petition? and it shall be granted thee: and what is thy request? even to the half of the kingdom it shall be performed.

 Then answered , and said, My petition and my request is;

 If I have found favour in the sight of the , and if it please the  to grant my petition, and to perform my request, let the  and  come to the  that I shall prepare for them, and I will do to morrow as the  hath said.

 Then went  forth that day joyful and with a glad heart: but when  saw  in the king's , that he stood not up, nor moved for him, he was full of indignation against .

 Nevertheless  refrained himself: and when he came home, he sent and called for his friends, and  his wife.

 And  told them of the  of his riches, and the multitude of his children, and all the things wherein the  had promoted him, and how he had advanced him above the princes and servants of the .

  said moreover, Yea,  the  did let no man come in with the  unto the  that she had prepared but myself; and to morrow am I invited unto her also with the .

 Yet all this availeth me nothing, so long as I see  the   at the king's .

 Then said  his wife and all his friends unto him, Let a  be made of fifty cubits high, and to morrow speak thou unto the  that  may be hanged thereon: then go thou in merrily with the  unto the . And the thing pleased ; and he caused the  to be made.
