King James Version: Esther: Esther Chapter
King James Version: Esther Chapter
After these things, when the wrath of   was appeased, he remembered , and what she had done, and what was decreed against her.

 Then said the king's servants that ministered unto him, Let there be fair young virgins sought for the :

 And let the  appoint officers in all the provinces of his kingdom, that they may gather together all the fair young virgins unto  the , to the house of the women, unto the custody of Hege the king's , keeper of the women; and let their things for  be given them:

 And let the maiden which pleaseth the  be  instead of . And the thing pleased the ; and he did so.

 Now in  the  there was a certain , whose name was , the son of , the son of , the son of , a Benjamite;

 Who had been carried away from  with the  which had been carried away with Jeconiah  of , whom  the  of  had carried away.

 And he brought up , that is, , his uncle's daughter: for she had neither father nor mother, and the maid was fair and beautiful; whom , when her father and mother were dead, took for his own daughter.

 So it came to pass, when the king's commandment and his decree was heard, and when many maidens were gathered together unto  the , to the custody of , that  was brought also unto the king's house, to the custody of , keeper of the women.

 And the maiden pleased him, and she obtained kindness of him; and he speedily gave her her things for , with such things as belonged to her, and  maidens, which were meet to be given her, out of the king's house: and he preferred her and her maids unto the best place of the house of the women.

  had not shewed her people nor her kindred: for  had charged her that she should not shew it.

 And  walked every day before the court of the women's house, to know how  did, and what should become of her.

 Now when every maid's turn was come to go in to  , after that she had been twelve months, according to the manner of the women, (for so were the days of their purifications accomplished, to wit, six months with oil of , and six months with sweet odours, and with other things for the purifying of the women;)

 Then thus came every maiden unto the ; whatsoever she desired was given her to go with her out of the house of the women unto the king's house.

 In the evening she went, and on the morrow she returned into the second house of the women, to the custody of , the king's , which kept the concubines: she came in unto the  no more, except the  delighted in her, and that she were called by name.

 Now when the turn of , the daughter of  the uncle of , who had taken her for his daughter, was come to go in unto the , she required nothing but what  the king's , the keeper of the women, appointed. And  obtained favour in the sight of all them that looked upon her.

 So  was taken unto   into his house royal in the tenth month, which is the month , in the seventh year of his reign.

 And the  loved  above all the women, and she obtained  and favour in his sight more than all the virgins; so that he set the royal  upon her head, and made her  instead of .

 Then the  made a great  unto all his princes and his servants, even Esther's ; and he made a release to the provinces, and gave gifts, according to the state of the .

 And when the virgins were gathered together the second time, then  sat in the king's .

  had not yet shewed her kindred nor her people; as  had charged her: for  did the commandment of , like as when she was brought up with him.

 In those days, while  sat in the king's , two of the king's chamberlains,  and , of those which kept the door, were wroth, and sought to lay hands on the  .

 And the thing was known to , who told it unto  the ; and  certified the  thereof in Mordecai's name.

 And when inquisition was made of the matter, it was found out; therefore they were both hanged on a tree: and it was written in the book of the  before the .
