King James Version: Esther: Esther Chapter
King James Version: Esther Chapter
Now in the twelfth month, that is, the month , on the thirteenth day of the same, when the king's commandment and his decree drew near to be put in execution, in the day that the enemies of the Jews hoped to have power over them, (though it was turned to the contrary, that the Jews had rule over them that hated them;)

 The Jews gathered themselves together in their cities throughout all the provinces of the  , to lay hand on such as sought their hurt: and no man could withstand them; for the fear of them fell upon all people.

 And all the rulers of the provinces, and the lieutenants, and the deputies, and officers of the , helped the Jews; because the fear of  fell upon them.

 For  was great in the king's house, and his fame went out throughout all the provinces: for this man  waxed greater and greater.

 Thus the Jews smote all their enemies with the stroke of the , and slaughter, and , and did what they would unto those that hated them.

 And in  the  the Jews slew and destroyed five hundred men.

 And , and Dalphon, and Aspatha,

 And Poratha, and Adalia, and Aridatha,

 And , and Arisai, and Aridai, and ,

 The ten sons of  the son of , the enemy of the Jews, slew they; but on the spoil laid they not their hand.

 On that day the number of those that were slain in  the  was brought before the .

 And the  said unto  the , The Jews have slain and destroyed five hundred men in  the , and the ten sons of ; what have they done in the rest of the king's provinces? now what is thy petition? and it shall be granted thee: or what is thy request further? and it shall be done.

 Then said , If it please the , let it be granted to the Jews which are in  to do to morrow also according unto this day's decree, and let Haman's ten sons be hanged upon the .

 And the  commanded it so to be done: and the decree was given at ; and they hanged Haman's ten sons.

 For the Jews that were in  gathered themselves together on the fourteenth day also of the month , and slew three hundred men at ; but on the prey they laid not their hand.

 But the other Jews that were in the king's provinces gathered themselves together, and stood for their lives, and had rest from their enemies, and slew of their foes seventy and five thousand, but they laid not their hands on the prey,

 On the thirteenth day of the month ; and on the fourteenth day of the same rested they, and made it a day of feasting and gladness.

 But the Jews that were at  assembled together on the thirteenth day thereof, and on the fourteenth thereof; and on the fifteenth day of the same they rested, and made it a day of feasting and gladness.

 Therefore the Jews of the , that dwelt in the unwalled towns, made the fourteenth day of the month  a day of gladness and feasting, and a good day, and of sending portions one to another.

 And  wrote these things, and sent letters unto all the Jews that were in all the provinces of the  , both nigh and far,

 To stablish this among them, that they should keep the fourteenth day of the month , and the fifteenth day of the same, yearly,

 As the days wherein the Jews rested from their enemies, and the month which was turned unto them from sorrow to joy, and from mourning into a good day: that they should make them days of feasting and joy, and of sending portions one to another, and gifts to the .

 And the Jews undertook to do as they had begun, and as  had written unto them;

 Because  the son of , the , the enemy of all the Jews, had devised against the Jews to destroy them, and had cast , that is, the lot, to consume them, and to destroy them;

 But when  came before the , he commanded by letters that his wicked device, which he devised against the Jews, should return upon his own head, and that he and his sons should be hanged on the .

 Wherefore they called these days Purim after the name of . Therefore for all the words of this letter, and of that which they had seen concerning this matter, and which had come unto them,

 The Jews ordained, and took upon them, and upon their seed, and upon all such as joined themselves unto them, so as it should not fail, that they would keep these two days according to their , and according to their appointed time every year;

 And that these days should be remembered and kept throughout every , every family, every province, and every city; and that these days of Purim should not fail from among the Jews, nor the memorial of them perish from their seed.

 Then  the , the daughter of , and  the , wrote with all authority, to confirm this second letter of Purim.

 And he sent the letters unto all the Jews, to the hundred twenty and  provinces of the kingdom of , with words of peace and truth,

 To confirm these days of Purim in their times appointed, according as  the  and  the  had enjoined them, and as they had decreed for themselves and for their seed, the matters of the fastings and their cry.

 And the decree of  confirmed these matters of Purim; and it was written in the book.
