King James Version: Ezra: Ezra Chapter
King James Version: Ezra Chapter
Then the prophets, Haggai the , and  the son of , prophesied unto the Jews that were in  and  in the name of the God of , even unto them.

 Then rose up  the son of , and  the son of Jozadak, and began to build the house of God which is at : and with them were the prophets of God helping them.

 At the same time came to them , governor on this side the river, and Shetharboznai and their companions, and said thus unto them, Who hath commanded you to build this house, and to make up this wall?

 Then said we unto them after this manner, What are the names of the men that make this building?

 But the eye of their God was upon the elders of the Jews, that they could not cause them to cease, till the matter came to : and then they returned answer by letter concerning this matter.

 The copy of the letter that , governor on this side the river, and Shetharboznai and his companions the , which were on this side the river, sent unto  the :

 They sent a letter unto him, wherein was written thus; Unto  the , all peace.

 Be it known unto the , that we went into the province of , to the house of the great God, which is builded with great stones, and timber is laid in the walls, and this work goeth  on, and prospereth in their hands.

 Then asked we those elders, and said unto them thus, Who commanded you to build this house, and to make up these walls?

 We asked their names also, to certify thee, that we might write the names of the men that were the chief of them.

 And thus they returned us answer, saying, We are the servants of the God of  and earth, and build the house that was builded these many years ago, which a great  of  builded and set up.

 But after that our fathers had provoked the God of  unto wrath, he gave them into the hand of  the  of , the Chaldean, who destroyed this house, and carried the people away into .

 But in the first year of  the  of  the same   made a decree to build this house of God.

 And the vessels also of  and  of the house of God, which  took out of the  that was in , and brought them into the  of , those did  the  take out of the  of , and they were delivered unto one, whose name was , whom he had made governor;

 And said unto him, Take these vessels, go, carry them into the  that is in , and let the house of God be builded in his place.

 Then came the same , and laid the foundation of the house of God which is in : and since that time even until now hath it been in building, and yet it is not finished.

 Now therefore, if it seem good to the , let there be search made in the king's treasure house, which is there at , whether it be so, that a decree was made of  the  to build this house of God at , and let the  send his pleasure to us concerning this matter.
