King James Version: Ezra: Ezra Chapter
King James Version: Ezra Chapter
Now these are the children of the province that went up out of the , of those which had been carried away, whom  the  of  had carried away unto , and came again unto  and , every one unto his city;

 Which came with : , , , Reelaiah, , , , Bigvai, , . The number of the men of the people of :

 The children of Parosh, two thousand an hundred seventy and two.

 The children of , three hundred seventy and two.

 The children of Arah,  hundred seventy and five.

 The children of Pahathmoab, of the children of  and , two thousand eight hundred and twelve.

 The children of , a thousand two hundred fifty and four.

 The children of , nine hundred forty and five.

 The children of ,  hundred and threescore.

 The children of , six hundred forty and two.

 The children of Bebai, six hundred twenty and three.

 The children of Azgad, a thousand two hundred twenty and two.

 The children of , six hundred sixty and six.

 The children of Bigvai, two thousand fifty and six.

 The children of , four hundred fifty and four.

 The children of  of , ninety and eight.

 The children of Bezai, three hundred twenty and three.

 The children of Jorah, an hundred and twelve.

 The children of , two hundred twenty and three.

 The children of Gibbar, ninety and five.

 The children of , an hundred twenty and three.

 The men of , fifty and six.

 The men of , an hundred twenty and eight.

 The children of , forty and two.

 The children of Kirjatharim, , and ,  hundred and forty and three.

 The children of  and Gaba, six hundred twenty and one.

 The men of Michmas, an hundred twenty and two.

 The men of  and , two hundred twenty and three.

 The children of , fifty and two.

 The children of Magbish, an hundred fifty and six.

 The children of the other , a thousand two hundred fifty and four.

 The children of , three hundred and twenty.

 The children of Lod, , and ,  hundred twenty and five.

 The children of , three hundred forty and five.

 The children of , three thousand and six hundred and thirty.

 The priests: the children of , of the house of , nine hundred seventy and three.

 The children of , a thousand fifty and two.

 The children of , a thousand two hundred forty and .

 The children of , a thousand and seventeen.

 The Levites: the children of  and , of the children of Hodaviah, seventy and four.

 The singers: the children of , an hundred twenty and eight.

 The children of the porters: the children of , the children of , the children of , the children of , the children of , the children of , in all an hundred thirty and nine.

 The Nethinims: the children of , the children of , the children of ,

 The children of Keros, the children of Siaha, the children of Padon,

 The children of Lebanah, the children of Hagabah, the children of ,

 The children of Hagab, the children of Shalmai, the children of ,

 The children of Giddel, the children of , the children of Reaiah,

 The children of , the children of Nekoda, the children of Gazzam,

 The children of , the children of Paseah, the children of Besai,

 The children of Asnah, the children of Mehunim, the children of Nephusim,

 The children of Bakbuk, the children of Hakupha, the children of ,

 The children of Bazluth, the children of Mehida, the children of ,

 The children of , the children of , the children of Thamah,

 The children of , the children of .

 The children of Solomon's servants: the children of Sotai, the children of Sophereth, the children of ,

 The children of Jaalah, the children of Darkon, the children of Giddel,

 The children of , the children of Hattil, the children of Pochereth of , the children of Ami.

 All the Nethinims, and the children of Solomon's servants, were three hundred ninety and two.

 And these were they which went up from Telmelah, Telharsa, , Addan, and : but they could not shew their father's house, and their seed, whether they were of :

 The children of , the children of , the children of Nekoda, six hundred fifty and two.

 And of the children of the priests: the children of Habaiah, the children of , the children of ; which took a wife of the daughters of  the Gileadite, and was called after their name:

 These sought their register among those that were reckoned by genealogy, but they were not found: therefore were they, as polluted, put from the priesthood.

 And the  said unto them, that they should not eat of the most holy things, till there stood up a  with  and with .

 The whole  together was forty and two thousand three hundred and threescore,

 Beside their servants and their maids, of whom there were  thousand three hundred thirty and : and there were among them two hundred singing men and singing women.

 Their horses were  hundred thirty and six; their mules, two hundred forty and five;

 Their camels, four hundred thirty and five; their asses, six thousand  hundred and twenty.

 And some of the chief of the fathers, when they came to the house of the LORD which is at , offered freely for the house of God to set it up in his place:

 They gave after their ability unto the treasure of the work threescore and one thousand drams of , and five thousand  of , and one hundred priests' garments.

 So the priests, and the Levites, and some of the people, and the singers, and the porters, and the Nethinims, dwelt in their cities, and all  in their cities.
