King James Version: Ezra: Ezra Chapter
King James Version: Ezra Chapter
Now after these things, in the reign of   of ,  the son of , the son of , the son of ,

 The son of , the son of , the son of ,

 The son of , the son of , the son of ,

 The son of Zerahiah, the son of , the son of Bukki,

 The son of , the son of , the son of , the son of  the chief :

 This  went up from ; and he was a ready scribe in the law of , which the LORD God of  had given: and the  granted him all his request, according to the hand of the LORD his God upon him.

 And there went up some of the children of , and of the priests, and the Levites, and the singers, and the porters, and the Nethinims, unto , in the seventh year of  the .

 And he came to  in the fifth month, which was in the seventh year of the .

 For upon the first day of the first month began he to go up from , and on the first day of the fifth month came he to , according to the good hand of his God upon him.

 For  had prepared his heart to seek the law of the LORD, and to do it, and to teach in  statutes and judgments.

 Now this is the copy of the letter that the   gave unto  the , the scribe, even a scribe of the words of the commandments of the LORD, and of his statutes to .

 ,  of kings, unto  the , a scribe of the law of the God of , perfect peace, and at such a time.

 I make a decree, that all they of the people of , and of his priests and Levites, in my realm, which are minded of their own freewill to go up to , go with thee.

 Forasmuch as thou art sent of the , and of his  counsellors, to enquire concerning  and , according to the law of thy God which is in thine hand;

 And to carry the  and , which the  and his counsellors have freely offered unto the God of , whose  is in ,

 And all the  and  that thou canst find in all the province of , with the freewill  of the people, and of the priests,  willingly for the house of their God which is in :

 That thou mayest buy speedily with this money bullocks, rams, lambs, with their meat offerings and their  offerings, and offer them upon the  of the house of your God which is in .

 And whatsoever shall seem good to thee, and to thy brethren, to do with the rest of the  and the , that do after the will of your God.

 The vessels also that are given thee for the service of the house of thy God, those deliver thou before the God of .

 And whatsoever more shall be needful for the house of thy God, which thou shalt have occasion to bestow, bestow it out of the king's treasure house.

 And I, even I  the , do make a decree to all the treasurers which are beyond the river, that whatsoever  the , the scribe of the law of the God of , shall require of you, it be done speedily,

 Unto an hundred talents of , and to an hundred measures of , and to an hundred  of , and to an hundred  of oil, and  without prescribing how much.

 Whatsoever is commanded by the God of , let it be diligently done for the house of the God of : for why should there be wrath against the realm of the  and his sons?

 Also we certify you, that touching any of the priests and Levites, singers, porters, Nethinims, or ministers of this house of God, it shall not be lawful to impose , , or , upon them.

 And thou, , after the wisdom of thy God, that is in thine hand, set magistrates and judges, which may  all the people that are beyond the river, all such as know the laws of thy God; and teach ye them that know them not.

 And whosoever will not do the law of thy God, and the law of the , let judgment be executed speedily upon him, whether it be unto death, or to banishment, or to confiscation of goods, or to imprisonment.

 Blessed be the LORD God of our fathers, which hath put such a thing as this in the king's heart, to beautify the house of the LORD which is in :

 And hath extended  unto me before the , and his counsellors, and before all the king's mighty princes. And I was strengthened as the hand of the LORD my God was upon me, and I gathered together out of  chief men to go up with me.
