King James Version: Ezra: Ezra Chapter
King James Version: Ezra Chapter
Now when  had prayed, and when he had confessed, weeping and casting himself down before the house of God, there assembled unto him out of  a very great  of men and women and children: for the people wept very sore.

 And  the son of , one of the sons of , answered and said unto , We have trespassed against our God, and have taken strange wives of the people of the land: yet now there is hope in  concerning this thing.

 Now therefore let us make a  with our God to put away all the wives, and such as are born of them, according to the counsel of my lord, and of those that tremble at the commandment of our God; and let it be done according to the law.

 Arise; for this matter belongeth unto thee: we also will be with thee: be of good courage, and do it.

 Then arose , and made the chief priests, the Levites, and all , to swear that they should do according to this word. And they sware.

 Then  rose up from before the house of God, and went into the  of  the son of : and when he came thither, he did eat no , nor  water: for he mourned because of the transgression of them that had been carried away.

 And they made proclamation throughout  and  unto all the children of the , that they should gather themselves together unto ;

 And that whosoever would not come within three days, according to the counsel of the princes and the elders, all his substance should be forfeited, and himself separated from the  of those that had been carried away.

 Then all the men of  and  gathered themselves together unto  within three days. It was the ninth month, on the twentieth day of the month; and all the people sat in the street of the house of God, trembling because of this matter, and for the great .

 And  the  stood up, and said unto them, Ye have transgressed, and have taken strange wives, to increase the trespass of .

 Now therefore make  unto the LORD God of your fathers, and do his pleasure: and separate yourselves from the people of the land, and from the strange wives.

 Then all the  answered and said with a loud voice, As thou hast said, so must we do.

 But the people are many, and it is a time of much , and we are not able to stand without, neither is this a work of one day or two: for we are many that have transgressed in this thing.

 Let now our rulers of all the  stand, and let all them which have taken strange wives in our cities come at appointed times, and with them the elders of every city, and the judges thereof, until the fierce wrath of our God for this matter be turned from us.

 Only  the son of  and Jahaziah the son of Tikvah were employed about this matter: and  and  the  helped them.

 And the children of the  did so. And  the , with certain chief of the fathers, after the house of their fathers, and all of them by their names, were separated, and sat down in the first day of the tenth month to examine the matter.

 And they made an end with all the men that had taken strange wives by the first day of the first month.

 And among the sons of the priests there were found that had taken strange wives: namely, of the sons of  the son of Jozadak, and his brethren; , and , and , and .

 And they gave their hands that they would put away their wives; and being guilty, they offered a  of the flock for their trespass.

 And of the sons of ; , and .

 And of the sons of ; , and , and , and , and .

 And of the sons of ; , , , , , and .

 Also of the Levites; , and , and Kelaiah, (the same is ,) , , and .

 Of the singers also; : and of the porters; , and , and Uri.

 Moreover of : of the sons of Parosh; Ramiah, and Jeziah, and , and , and , and Malchijah, and .

 And of the sons of ; , , and , and , and Jeremoth, and Eliah.

 And of the sons of ; , , , and Jeremoth, and , and Aziza.

 Of the sons also of Bebai; , , , and Athlai.

 And of the sons of ; , , and Adaiah, , and Sheal, and .

 And of the sons of Pahathmoab; Adna, and Chelal, , , , , and Binnui, and .

 And of the sons of ; , Ishijah, , , ,

 , , and .

 Of the sons of ; Mattenai, Mattathah, , , Jeremai, , and .

 Of the sons of ; Maadai, , and Uel,

 , Bedeiah, Chelluh,

 Vaniah, , ,

 , Mattenai, and ,

 And , and Binnui, ,

 And , and , and Adaiah,

 Machnadebai, Shashai, Sharai,

 Azareel, and , ,

 , , and .

 Of the sons of ; , , , Zebina, Jadau, and , .

 All these had taken strange wives: and some of them had wives by whom they had children.
