King James Version: Ezra: Ezra Chapter
King James Version: Ezra Chapter
Now when the adversaries of  and  heard that the children of the  builded the  unto the LORD God of ;

 Then they came to , and to the chief of the fathers, and said unto them, Let us build with you: for we seek your God, as ye do; and we do  unto him since the days of   of Assur, which brought us up hither.

 But , and , and the rest of the chief of the fathers of , said unto them, Ye have nothing to do with us to build an house unto our God; but we ourselves together will build unto the LORD God of , as   the  of  hath commanded us.

 Then the people of the land weakened the hands of the people of , and troubled them in building,

 And hired counsellors against them, to frustrate their purpose, all the days of   of , even until the reign of   of .

 And in the reign of , in the beginning of his reign, wrote they unto him an accusation against the inhabitants of  and .

 And in the days of  wrote Bishlam, , , and the rest of their companions, unto   of ; and the  of the letter was written in the Syrian tongue, and interpreted in the Syrian tongue.

  the  and  the scribe wrote a letter against  to  the  in this sort:

 Then wrote  the , and  the scribe, and the rest of their companions; the Dinaites, the Apharsathchites, the Tarpelites, the , the Archevites, the Babylonians, the , the , and the Elamites,

 And the rest of the nations whom the great and noble  brought over, and set in the cities of , and the rest that are on this side the river, and at such a time.

 This is the copy of the letter that they sent unto him, even unto  the ; Thy servants the men on this side the river, and at such a time.

 Be it known unto the , that the Jews which came up from thee to us are come unto , building the rebellious and the bad city, and have set up the walls thereof, and joined the foundations.

 Be it known now unto the , that, if this city be builded, and the walls set up again, then will they not pay , , and , and so thou shalt endamage the revenue of the kings.

 Now because we have maintenance from the king's , and it was not meet for us to see the king's dishonour, therefore have we sent and certified the ;

 That search may be made in the book of the records of thy fathers: so shalt thou find in the book of the records, and know that this city is a rebellious city, and hurtful unto kings and provinces, and that they have moved sedition within the same of old time: for which cause was this city destroyed.

 We certify the  that, if this city be builded again, and the walls thereof set up, by this means thou shalt have no portion on this side the river.

 Then sent the  an answer unto  the , and to  the scribe, and to the rest of their companions that dwell in , and unto the rest beyond the river, Peace, and at such a time.

 The letter which ye sent unto us hath been plainly read before me.

 And I commanded, and search hath been made, and it is found that this city of old time hath made insurrection against kings, and that rebellion and sedition have been made therein.

 There have been mighty kings also over , which have ruled over all countries beyond the river; and , , and , was paid unto them.

 Give ye now commandment to cause these men to cease, and that this city be not builded, until another commandment shall be given from me.

 Take heed now that ye fail not to do this: why should damage grow to the hurt of the kings?

 Now when the copy of  Artaxerxes' letter was read before , and  the scribe, and their companions, they went up in haste to  unto the Jews, and made them to cease by force and power.

 Then ceased the work of the house of God which is at . So it ceased unto the second year of the reign of   of .
