King James Version: Ezra: Ezra Chapter
King James Version: Ezra Chapter
Then  the  made a decree, and search was made in the house of the rolls, where the treasures were laid up in .

 And there was found at , in the  that is in the province of the Medes, a , and therein was a record thus written:

 In the first year of  the  the same  the  made a decree concerning the house of God at , Let the house be builded, the place where they offered sacrifices, and let the foundations thereof be strongly laid; the height thereof threescore cubits, and the breadth thereof threescore cubits;

 With three rows of great stones, and a row of new timber: and let the expenses be given out of the king's house:

 And also let the golden and  vessels of the house of God, which  took forth out of the  which is at , and brought unto , be restored, and brought again unto the  which is at , every one to his place, and place them in the house of God.

 Now therefore, , governor beyond the river, Shetharboznai, and your companions the , which are beyond the river, be ye far from thence:

 Let the work of this house of God alone; let the governor of the Jews and the elders of the Jews build this house of God in his place.

 Moreover I make a decree what ye shall do to the elders of these Jews for the building of this house of God: that of the king's goods, even of the  beyond the river, forthwith expenses be given unto these men, that they be not hindered.

 And that which they have need of, both young bullocks, and rams, and lambs, for the burnt offerings of the God of , , , , and oil, according to the appointment of the priests which are at , let it be given them day by day without fail:

 That they may offer sacrifices of sweet savours unto the God of , and pray for the life of the , and of his sons.

 Also I have made a decree, that whosoever shall alter this word, let timber be pulled down from his house, and being set up, let him be hanged thereon; and let his house be made a dunghill for this.

 And the God that hath caused his name to dwell there destroy all kings and people, that shall put to their hand to alter and to destroy this house of God which is at . I  have made a decree; let it be done with speed.

 Then , governor on this side the river, Shetharboznai, and their companions, according to that which  the  had sent, so they did speedily.

 And the elders of the Jews builded, and they prospered through the prophesying of Haggai the  and  the son of . And they builded, and finished it, according to the commandment of the God of , and according to the commandment of , and , and   of .

 And this house was finished on the third day of the month , which was in the sixth year of the reign of  the .

 And the children of , the priests, and the Levites, and the rest of the children of the , kept the dedication of this house of God with joy.

 And offered at the dedication of this house of God an hundred bullocks, two hundred rams, four hundred lambs; and for a   for all , twelve he goats, according to the number of the tribes of .

 And they set the priests in their divisions, and the Levites in their , for the service of God, which is at ; as it is written in the book of .

 And the children of the  kept the  upon the fourteenth day of the first month.

 For the priests and the Levites were purified together, all of them were pure, and killed the  for all the children of the , and for their brethren the priests, and for themselves.

 And the children of , which were come again out of , and all such as had separated themselves unto them from the filthiness of the  of the land, to seek the LORD God of , did eat,

 And kept the  of unleavened   days with joy: for the LORD had made them joyful, and turned the heart of the  of  unto them, to strengthen their hands in the work of the house of God, the God of .
