King James Version: Ezra: Ezra Chapter
King James Version: Ezra Chapter
These are now the chief of their fathers, and this is the genealogy of them that went up with me from , in the reign of  the .

 Of the sons of ; : of the sons of ; : of the sons of ; .

 Of the sons of , of the sons of Pharosh; : and with him were reckoned by genealogy of the males an hundred and fifty.

 Of the sons of Pahathmoab; Elihoenai the son of Zerahiah, and with him two hundred males.

 Of the sons of ; the son of , and with him three hundred males.

 Of the sons also of ;  the son of , and with him fifty males.

 And of the sons of ;  the son of , and with him seventy males.

 And of the sons of ;  the son of , and with him fourscore males.

 Of the sons of ;  the son of , and with him two hundred and eighteen males.

 And of the sons of Shelomith; the son of Josiphiah, and with him an hundred and threescore males.

 And of the sons of Bebai;  the son of Bebai, and with him twenty and eight males.

 And of the sons of Azgad;  the son of Hakkatan, and with him an hundred and ten males.

 And of the last sons of , whose names are these, , , and , and with them threescore males.

 Of the sons also of Bigvai; Uthai, and , and with them seventy males.

 And I gathered them together to the river that runneth to ; and there abode we in tents three days: and I viewed the people, and the priests, and found there none of the sons of .

 Then sent I for , for , for , and for , and for , and for , and for , and for , and for , chief men; also for , and for , men of understanding.

 And I sent them with commandment unto  the chief at the place , and I told them what they should say unto , and to his brethren the Nethinims, at the place , that they should bring unto us ministers for the house of our God.

 And by the good hand of our God upon us they brought us a man of understanding, of the sons of Mahli, the son of , the son of ; and , with his sons and his brethren, eighteen;

 And , and with him  of the sons of , his brethren and their sons, twenty;

 Also of the Nethinims, whom  and the princes had appointed for the service of the Levites, two hundred and twenty Nethinims: all of them were expressed by name.

 Then I proclaimed a  there, at the river of , that we might afflict ourselves before our God, to seek of him a right way for us, and for our little ones, and for all our substance.

 For I was ashamed to require of the  a band of soldiers and horsemen to help us against the enemy in the way: because we had spoken unto the , saying, The hand of our God is upon all them for good that seek him; but his power and his wrath is against all them that forsake him.

 So we fasted and besought our God for this: and he was intreated of us.

 Then I separated twelve of the chief of the priests, , , and ten of their brethren with them,

 And weighed unto them the , and the , and the vessels, even the  of the house of our God, which the , and his counsellors, and his lords, and all  there present, had offered:

 I even weighed unto their hand six hundred and fifty talents of , and  vessels an hundred talents, and of  an hundred talents;

 Also twenty basons of , of a thousand drams; and two vessels of fine , precious as .

 And I said unto them, Ye are holy unto the LORD; the vessels are holy also; and the  and the  are a freewill  unto the LORD God of your fathers.

 Watch ye, and keep them, until ye weigh them before the chief of the priests and the Levites, and chief of the fathers of , at , in the chambers of the house of the LORD.

 So took the priests and the Levites the weight of the , and the , and the vessels, to bring them to  unto the house of our God.

 Then we departed from the river of  on the twelfth day of the first month, to go unto : and the hand of our God was upon us, and he delivered us from the hand of the enemy, and of such as lay in wait by the way.

 And we came to , and abode there three days.

 Now on the fourth day was the  and the  and the vessels weighed in the house of our God by the hand of  the son of  the ; and with him was  the son of ; and with them was  the son of , and  the son of Binnui, Levites;

 By number and by weight of every one: and all the weight was written at that time.

 Also the children of those that had been carried away, which were come out of the , offered burnt offerings unto the God of , twelve bullocks for all , ninety and six rams, seventy and  lambs, twelve he goats for a  : all this was a burnt  unto the LORD.

 And they delivered the king's commissions unto the king's lieutenants, and to the governors on this side the river: and they furthered the people, and the house of God.
