King James Version: Ezra: Ezra Chapter
King James Version: Ezra Chapter
And when the seventh month was come, and the children of  were in the cities, the people gathered themselves together as one man to .

 Then stood up  the son of Jozadak, and his brethren the priests, and  the son of , and his brethren, and builded the  of the God of , to offer burnt offerings thereon, as it is written in the law of  the man of God.

 And they set the  upon his bases; for fear was upon them because of the people of those countries: and they offered burnt offerings thereon unto the LORD, even burnt offerings morning and evening.

 They kept also the  of tabernacles, as it is written, and offered the daily burnt offerings by number, according to the , as the duty of every day required;

 And afterward offered the continual burnt , both of the new moons, and of all the set feasts of the LORD that were consecrated, and of every one that willingly offered a freewill  unto the LORD.

 From the first day of the seventh month began they to offer burnt offerings unto the LORD. But the foundation of the  of the LORD was not yet laid.

 They gave money also unto the masons, and to the carpenters; and meat, and , and oil, unto them of , and to them of , to bring  trees from  to the sea of , according to the grant that they had of   of .

 Now in the second year of their coming unto the house of God at , in the second month, began  the son of , and  the son of Jozadak, and the remnant of their brethren the priests and the Levites, and all they that were come out of the  unto ; and appointed the Levites, from twenty years old and upward, to set forward the work of the house of the LORD.

 Then stood  with his sons and his brethren,  and his sons, the sons of , together, to set forward the workmen in the house of God: the sons of , with their sons and their brethren the Levites.

 And when the builders laid the foundation of the  of the LORD, they set the priests in their  with , and the Levites the sons of  with , to praise the LORD, after the ordinance of   of .

 And they sang together by course in praising and giving thanks unto the LORD; because he is good, for his  endureth for ever toward . And all the people shouted with a great shout, when they praised the LORD, because the foundation of the house of the LORD was laid.

 But many of the priests and Levites and chief of the fathers, who were ancient men, that had seen the first house, when the foundation of this house was laid before their eyes, wept with a loud voice; and many shouted aloud for joy:

 So that the people could not discern the noise of the shout of joy from the noise of the weeping of the people: for the people shouted with a loud shout, and the noise was heard afar off.
