King James Version: Deuteronomy: Deuteronomy Chapter
King James Version: Deuteronomy Chapter
Observe the month of , and keep the  unto the LORD thy God: for in the month of  the LORD thy God brought thee forth out of  by night.

 Thou shalt therefore  the  unto the LORD thy God, of the flock and the , in the place which the LORD shall choose to place his name there.

 Thou shalt eat no leavened  with it;  days shalt thou eat unleavened  therewith, even the  of affliction; for thou camest forth out of the land of  in haste: that thou mayest remember the day when thou camest forth out of the land of  all the days of thy life.

 And there shall be no leavened  seen with thee in all thy coast  days; neither shall there any thing of the , which thou sacrificedst the first day at even, remain all night until the morning.

 Thou mayest not  the  within any of thy gates, which the LORD thy God giveth thee:

 But at the place which the LORD thy God shall choose to place his name in, there thou shalt  the  at even, at the going down of the , at the season that thou camest forth out of .

 And thou shalt roast and eat it in the place which the LORD thy God shall choose: and thou shalt turn in the morning, and go unto thy tents.

 Six days thou shalt eat unleavened : and on the seventh day shall be a solemn assembly to the LORD thy God: thou shalt do no work therein.

  weeks shalt thou number unto thee: begin to number the  weeks from such time as thou beginnest to put the  to the .

 And thou shalt keep the  of weeks unto the LORD thy God with a  of a freewill  of thine hand, which thou shalt give unto the LORD thy God, according as the LORD thy God hath blessed thee:

 And thou shalt rejoice before the LORD thy God, thou, and thy son, and thy daughter, and thy manservant, and thy maidservant, and the  that is within thy gates, and the , and the fatherless, and the widow, that are among you, in the place which the LORD thy God hath  to place his name there.

 And thou shalt remember that thou wast a bondman in : and thou shalt observe and do these statutes.

 Thou shalt observe the  of tabernacles  days, after that thou hast gathered in thy  and thy :

 And thou shalt rejoice in thy , thou, and thy son, and thy daughter, and thy manservant, and thy maidservant, and the , the , and the fatherless, and the widow, that are within thy gates.

  days shalt thou keep a solemn  unto the LORD thy God in the place which the LORD shall choose: because the LORD thy God shall  thee in all thine increase, and in all the works of thine hands, therefore thou shalt surely rejoice.

 Three times in a year shall all thy males appear before the LORD thy God in the place which he shall choose; in the  of unleavened , and in the  of weeks, and in the  of tabernacles: and they shall not appear before the LORD empty:

 Every man shall give as he is able, according to the blessing of the LORD thy God which he hath given thee.

 Judges and officers shalt thou make thee in all thy gates, which the LORD thy God giveth thee, throughout thy tribes: and they shall  the people with just judgment.

 Thou shalt not wrest judgment; thou shalt not respect persons, neither take a : for a  doth  the eyes of the , and pervert the words of the righteous.

 That which is altogether just shalt thou follow, that thou mayest live, and inherit the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee.

 Thou shalt not plant thee a  of any trees near unto the  of the LORD thy God, which thou shalt make thee.

 Neither shalt thou set thee up any image; which the LORD thy God hateth.
