King James Version: Deuteronomy: Deuteronomy Chapter
King James Version: Deuteronomy Chapter
Ye are the children of the LORD your God: ye shall not cut yourselves, nor make any  between your eyes for the dead.

 For thou art an holy people unto the LORD thy God, and the LORD hath  thee to be a  people unto himself, above all the nations that are upon the earth.

 Thou shalt not eat any abominable thing.

 These are the beasts which ye shall eat: the , the , and the ,

 The , and the roebuck, and the fallow deer, and the wild , and the , and the wild , and the .

 And every  that parteth the , and cleaveth the cleft into two claws, and cheweth the cud among the beasts, that ye shall eat.

 Nevertheless these ye shall not eat of them that chew the cud, or of them that divide the cloven ; as the , and the , and the : for they chew the cud, but divide not the ; therefore they are unclean unto you.

 And the , because it divideth the , yet cheweth not the cud, it is unclean unto you: ye shall not eat of their , nor touch their dead .

 These ye shall eat of all that are in the waters: all that have fins and scales shall ye eat:

 And whatsoever hath not fins and scales ye may not eat; it is unclean unto you.

 Of all  birds ye shall eat.

 But these are they of which ye shall not eat: the , and the , and the ospray,

 And the , and the , and the  after his kind,

 And every  after his kind,

 And the , and the night , and the cuckow, and the  after his kind,

 The little , and the great , and the ,

 And the pelican, and the gier , and the ,

 And the , and the  after her kind, and the , and the .

 And every creeping thing that flieth is unclean unto you: they shall not be eaten.

 But of all  fowls ye may eat.

 Ye shall not eat of anything that dieth of itself: thou shalt give it unto the  that is in thy gates, that he may eat it; or thou mayest sell it unto an : for thou art an holy people unto the LORD thy God. Thou shalt not  a kid in his mother's .

 Thou shalt truly  all the increase of thy seed, that the field bringeth forth year by year.

 And thou shalt eat before the LORD thy God, in the place which he shall choose to place his name there, the  of thy , of thy , and of thine oil, and the firstlings of thy herds and of thy flocks; that thou mayest learn to fear the LORD thy God always.

 And if the way be too long for thee, so that thou art not able to carry it; or if the place be too far from thee, which the LORD thy God shall choose to set his name there, when the LORD thy God hath blessed thee:

 Then shalt thou turn it into money, and bind up the money in thine hand, and shalt go unto the place which the LORD thy God shall choose:

 And thou shalt bestow that money for whatsoever thy soul lusteth after, for oxen, or for , or for , or for strong , or for whatsoever thy soul desireth: and thou shalt eat there before the LORD thy God, and thou shalt rejoice, thou, and thine household,

 And the  that is within thy gates; thou shalt not forsake him; for he hath no part nor inheritance with thee.

 At the end of three years thou shalt bring forth all the  of thine increase the same year, and shalt lay it up within thy gates:

 And the , (because he hath no part nor inheritance with thee,) and the , and the fatherless, and the widow, which are within thy gates, shall come, and shall eat and be satisfied; that the LORD thy God may  thee in all the work of thine hand which thou doest.
