King James Version: Deuteronomy: Deuteronomy Chapter
King James Version: Deuteronomy Chapter
These be the words which  spake unto all  on this side  in the , in the  over against the Red sea, between , and , and , and , and .

 (There are eleven days'  from  by the way of   unto Kadeshbarnea.)

 And it came to pass in the fortieth year, in the eleventh month, on the first day of the month, that  spake unto the children of , according unto all that the LORD had given him in commandment unto them;

 After he had slain  the  of the , which dwelt in , and  the  of , which dwelt at Astaroth in :

 On this side , in the land of , began  to declare this law, saying,

 The LORD our God spake unto us in , saying, Ye have dwelt long enough in this :

 Turn you, and take your , and go to the  of the , and unto all the places nigh thereunto, in the , in the hills, and in the vale, and in the south, and by the sea side, to the land of the , and unto , unto the great river, the river .

 Behold, I have set the land before you: go in and possess the land which the LORD sware unto your fathers, , , and , to give unto them and to their seed after them.

 And I spake unto you at that time, saying, I am not able to bear you myself alone:

 The LORD your God hath multiplied you, and, behold, ye are this day as the  of  for multitude.

 (The LORD God of your fathers make you a thousand times so many more as ye are, and  you, as he hath promised you!)

 How can I myself alone bear your cumbrance, and your , and your strife?

 Take you  men, and understanding, and known among your tribes, and I will make them rulers over you.

 And ye answered me, and said, The thing which thou hast spoken is good for us to do.

 So I took the chief of your tribes,  men, and known, and made them heads over you, captains over , and captains over hundreds, and captains over fifties, and captains over tens, and officers among your tribes.

 And I charged your judges at that time, saying, Hear the causes between your brethren, and  righteously between every man and his brother, and the  that is with him.

 Ye shall not respect persons in judgment; but ye shall hear the small as well as the great; ye shall not be afraid of the face of man; for the judgment is God's: and the cause that is too hard for you, bring it unto me, and I will hear it.

 And I commanded you at that time all the things which ye should do.

 And when we departed from , we went through all that great and terrible , which ye saw by the way of the mountain of the , as the LORD our God commanded us; and we came to Kadeshbarnea.

 And I said unto you, Ye are come unto the mountain of the , which the LORD our God doth give unto us.

 Behold, the LORD thy God hath set the land before thee: go up and possess it, as the LORD God of thy fathers hath said unto thee; fear not, neither be discouraged.

 And ye came near unto me every one of you, and said, We will send men before us, and they shall search us out the land, and bring us word again by what way we must go up, and into what cities we shall come.

 And the saying pleased me well: and I took twelve men of you, one of a :

 And they turned and went up into the mountain, and came unto the  of , and searched it out.

 And they took of the  of the land in their hands, and brought it down unto us, and brought us word again, and said, It is a good land which the LORD our God doth give us.

 Notwithstanding ye would not go up, but rebelled against the commandment of the LORD your God:

 And ye murmured in your tents, and said, Because the LORD hated us, he hath brought us forth out of the land of , to deliver us into the hand of the , to destroy us.

 Whither shall we go up? our brethren have discouraged our heart, saying, The people is greater and taller than we; the cities are great and walled up to ; and moreover we have seen the sons of the Anakims there.

 Then I said unto you, Dread not, neither be afraid of them.

 The LORD your God which goeth before you, he shall fight for you, according to all that he did for you in  before your eyes;

 And in the , where thou hast seen how that the LORD thy God bare thee, as a man doth bear his son, in all the way that ye went, until ye came into this place.

 Yet in this thing ye did not believe the LORD your God,

 Who went in the way before you, to search you out a place to  your tents in, in fire by night, to shew you by what way ye should go, and in a  by day.

 And the LORD heard the voice of your words, and was wroth, and sware, saying,

 Surely there shall not one of these men of this evil  see that good land, which I sware to give unto your fathers.

 Save  the son of ; he shall see it, and to him will I give the land that he hath trodden upon, and to his children, because he hath wholly followed the LORD.

 Also the LORD was angry with me for your sakes, saying, Thou also shalt not go in thither.

 But  the son of , which standeth before thee, he shall go in thither: encourage him: for he shall cause  to inherit it.

 Moreover your little ones, which ye said should be a prey, and your children, which in that day had no knowledge between good and evil, they shall go in thither, and unto them will I give it, and they shall possess it.

 But as for you, turn you, and take your  into the  by the way of the Red sea.

 Then ye answered and said unto me, We have sinned against the LORD, we will go up and fight, according to all that the LORD our God commanded us. And when ye had girded on every man his weapons of war, ye were ready to go up into the hill.

 And the LORD said unto me, Say unto them. Go not up, neither fight; for I am not among you; lest ye be smitten before your enemies.

 So I spake unto you; and ye would not hear, but rebelled against the commandment of the LORD, and went presumptuously up into the hill.

 And the , which dwelt in that mountain, came out against you, and chased you, as bees do, and destroyed you in , even unto .

 And ye returned and wept before the LORD; but the LORD would not hearken to your voice, nor give  unto you.

 So ye abode in  many days, according unto the days that ye abode there.
