King James Version: Deuteronomy: Deuteronomy Chapter
King James Version: Deuteronomy Chapter
Then we turned, and took our  into the  by the way of the Red sea, as the LORD spake unto me: and we compassed   many days.

 And the LORD spake unto me, saying,

 Ye have compassed this mountain long enough: turn you .

 And command thou the people, saying, Ye are to pass through the coast of your brethren the children of , which dwell in ; and they shall be afraid of you: take ye good heed unto yourselves therefore:

 Meddle not with them; for I will not give you of their land, no, not so much as a foot breadth; because I have given   unto  for a possession.

 Ye shall buy meat of them for money, that ye may eat; and ye shall also buy water of them for money, that ye may .

 For the LORD thy God hath blessed thee in all the works of thy hand: he knoweth thy walking through this great : these forty years the LORD thy God hath been with thee; thou hast lacked nothing.

 And when we passed by from our brethren the children of , which dwelt in , through the way of the  from , and from Eziongaber, we turned and passed by the way of the  of .

 And the LORD said unto me, Distress not the Moabites, neither contend with them in battle: for I will not give thee of their land for a possession; because I have given Ar unto the children of Lot for a possession.

 The  dwelt therein in times past, a people great, and many, and tall, as the Anakims;

 Which also were accounted , as the Anakims; but the Moabites called them .

 The Horims also dwelt in  beforetime; but the children of  succeeded them, when they had destroyed them from before them, and dwelt in their stead; as  did unto the land of his possession, which the LORD gave unto them.

 Now rise up, said I, and get you over the  . And we went over the  .

 And the space in which we came from Kadeshbarnea, until we were come over the  , was thirty and eight years; until all the  of the men of war were wasted out from among the , as the LORD sware unto them.

 For indeed the hand of the LORD was against them, to destroy them from among the , until they were consumed.

 So it came to pass, when all the men of war were consumed and dead from among the people,

 That the LORD spake unto me, saying,

 Thou art to pass over through Ar, the coast of , this day:

 And when thou comest nigh over against the children of , distress them not, nor meddle with them: for I will not give thee of the land of the children of  any possession; because I have given it unto the children of Lot for a possession.

 (That also was accounted a land of :  dwelt therein in old time; and the Ammonites call them ;

 A people great, and many, and tall, as the Anakims; but the LORD destroyed them before them; and they succeeded them, and dwelt in their stead:

 As he did to the children of , which dwelt in , when he destroyed the Horims from before them; and they succeeded them, and dwelt in their stead even unto this day:

 And the Avims which dwelt in , even unto Azzah, the Caphtorims, which came forth out of , destroyed them, and dwelt in their stead.)

 Rise ye up, take your , and pass over the river : behold, I have given into thine hand  the Amorite,  of , and his land: begin to possess it, and contend with him in battle.

 This day will I begin to put the dread of thee and the fear of thee upon the nations that are under the whole , who shall hear report of thee, and shall tremble, and be in anguish because of thee.

 And I sent messengers out of the  of  unto   of  with words of peace, saying,

 Let me pass through thy land: I will go along by the high way, I will neither turn unto the right hand nor to the left.

 Thou shalt sell me meat for money, that I may eat; and give me water for money, that I may : only I will pass through on my feet;

 (As the children of  which dwell in , and the Moabites which dwell in Ar, did unto me;) until I shall pass over  into the land which the LORD our God giveth us.

 But   of  would not let us pass by him: for the LORD thy God hardened his , and made his heart obstinate, that he might deliver him into thy hand, as appeareth this day.

 And the LORD said unto me, Behold, I have begun to give  and his land before thee: begin to possess, that thou mayest inherit his land.

 Then  came out against us, he and all his people, to fight at .

 And the LORD our God delivered him before us; and we smote him, and his sons, and all his people.

 And we took all his cities at that time, and utterly destroyed the men, and the women, and the little ones, of every city, we left none to remain:

 Only the  we took for a prey unto ourselves, and the spoil of the cities which we took.

 From , which is by the brink of the river of , and from the city that is by the river, even unto , there was not one city too strong for us: the LORD our God delivered all unto us:

 Only unto the land of the children of  thou camest not, nor unto any place of the river , nor unto the cities in the mountains, nor unto whatsoever the LORD our God forbad us.
