King James Version: Deuteronomy: Deuteronomy Chapter
King James Version: Deuteronomy Chapter
And  went and spake these words unto all .

 And he said unto them, I am an hundred and twenty years old this day; I can no more go out and come in: also the LORD hath said unto me, Thou shalt not go over this .

 The LORD thy God, he will go over before thee, and he will destroy these nations from before thee, and thou shalt possess them: and , he shall go over before thee, as the LORD hath said.

 And the LORD shall do unto them as he did to  and to , kings of the , and unto the land of them, whom he destroyed.

 And the LORD shall give them up before your face, that ye may do unto them according unto all the commandments which I have commanded you.

 Be strong and of a good courage, fear not, nor be afraid of them: for the LORD thy God, he it is that doth go with thee; he will not fail thee, nor forsake thee.

 And  called unto , and said unto him in the sight of all , Be strong and of a good courage: for thou must go with this people unto the land which the LORD hath sworn unto their fathers to give them; and thou shalt cause them to inherit it.

 And the LORD, he it is that doth go before thee; he will be with thee, he will not fail thee, neither forsake thee: fear not, neither be dismayed.

 And  wrote this law, and delivered it unto the priests the sons of , which bare the  of the  of the LORD, and unto all the elders of .

 And  commanded them, saying, At the end of every  years, in the solemnity of the year of release, in the  of tabernacles,

 When all  is come to appear before the LORD thy God in the place which he shall choose, thou shalt read this law before all  in their hearing.

 Gather the people together, men and women, and children, and thy  that is within thy gates, that they may hear, and that they may learn, and fear the LORD your God, and observe to do all the words of this law:

 And that their children, which have not known any thing, may hear, and learn to fear the LORD your God, as long as ye live in the land whither ye go over  to possess it.

 And the LORD said unto , Behold, thy days approach that thou must die: call , and present yourselves in the  of the , that I may give him a charge. And  and  went, and presented themselves in the  of the .

 And the LORD appeared in the  in a  of a : and the  of the  stood over the door of the .

 And the LORD said unto , Behold, thou shalt sleep with thy fathers; and this people will rise up, and go a whoring after the gods of the strangers of the land, whither they go to be among them, and will forsake me, and break my  which I have made with them.

 Then my  shall be kindled against them in that day, and I will forsake them, and I will hide my face from them, and they shall be devoured, and many evils and troubles shall befall them; so that they will say in that day, Are not these evils come upon us, because our God is not among us?

 And I will surely hide my face in that day for all the evils which they shall have wrought, in that they are turned unto other gods.

 Now therefore write ye this song for you, and teach it the children of : put it in their mouths, that this song may be a  for me against the children of .

 For when I shall have brought them into the land which I sware unto their fathers, that floweth with  and ; and they shall have eaten and filled themselves, and waxen ; then will they turn unto other gods, and serve them, and provoke me, and break my .

 And it shall come to pass, when many evils and troubles are befallen them, that this song shall testify against them as a ; for it shall not be forgotten out of the mouths of their seed: for I know their imagination which they go about, even now, before I have brought them into the land which I sware.

  therefore wrote this song the same day, and taught it the children of .

 And he gave  the son of  a charge, and said, Be strong and of a good courage: for thou shalt bring the children of  into the land which I sware unto them: and I will be with thee.

 And it came to pass, when  had made an end of  the words of this law in a book, until they were finished,

 That  commanded the Levites, which bare the  of the  of the LORD, saying,

 Take this book of the law, and put it in the side of the  of the  of the LORD your God, that it may be there for a  against thee.

 For I know thy rebellion, and thy stiff : behold, while I am yet alive with you this day, ye have been rebellious against the LORD; and how much more after my death?

 Gather unto me all the elders of your tribes, and your officers, that I may speak these words in their ears, and call  and earth to record against them.

 For I know that after my death ye will utterly corrupt yourselves, and turn aside from the way which I have commanded you; and evil will befall you in the latter days; because ye will do evil in the sight of the LORD, to provoke him to  through the work of your hands.

 And  spake in the ears of all the  of  the words of this song, until they were ended.
