King James Version: Deuteronomy: Deuteronomy Chapter
King James Version: Deuteronomy Chapter
Then we turned, and went up the way to : and  the  of  came out against us, he and all his people, to battle at .

 And the LORD said unto me, Fear him not: for I will deliver him, and all his people, and his land, into thy hand; and thou shalt do unto him as thou didst unto   of the , which dwelt at .

 So the LORD our God delivered into our hands  also, the  of , and all his people: and we smote him until none was left to him remaining.

 And we took all his cities at that time, there was not a city which we took not from them, threescore cities, all the region of , the kingdom of  in .

 All these cities were fenced with high walls, gates, and bars; beside unwalled towns a great many.

 And we utterly destroyed them, as we did unto   of , utterly destroying the men, women, and children, of every city.

 But all the , and the spoil of the cities, we took for a prey to ourselves.

 And we took at that time out of the hand of the two kings of the  the land that was on this side , from the river of  unto  ;

 (Which  the Sidonians call ; and the  call it ;)

 All the cities of the , and all , and all , unto Salchah and , cities of the kingdom of  in .

 For only   of  remained of the remnant of ; behold his  was a  of ; is it not in Rabbath of the children of ? nine cubits was the length thereof, and four cubits the breadth of it, after the  of a man.

 And this land, which we possessed at that time, from , which is by the river , and half  , and the cities thereof, gave I unto the Reubenites and to the Gadites.

 And the rest of , and all , being the kingdom of , gave I unto the half  of ; all the region of , with all , which was called the land of .

  the son of  took all the country of  unto the coasts of Geshuri and Maachathi; and called them after his own name, Bashanhavothjair, unto this day.

 And I gave  unto .

 And unto the Reubenites and unto the Gadites I gave from  even unto the river  half the , and the border even unto the river , which is the border of the children of ;

 The  also, and , and the coast thereof, from  even unto the sea of the , even the  sea, under Ashdothpisgah eastward.

 And I commanded you at that time, saying, The LORD your God hath given you this land to possess it: ye shall pass over armed before your brethren the children of , all that are meet for the war.

 But your wives, and your little ones, and your , (for I know that ye have much ,) shall abide in your cities which I have given you;

 Until the LORD have given rest unto your brethren, as well as unto you, and until they also possess the land which the LORD your God hath given them beyond : and then shall ye return every man unto his possession, which I have given you.

 And I commanded  at that time, saying, Thine eyes have seen all that the LORD your God hath done unto these two kings: so shall the LORD do unto all the kingdoms whither thou passest.

 Ye shall not fear them: for the LORD your God he shall fight for you.

 And I besought the LORD at that time, saying,

 O Lord GOD, thou hast begun to shew thy servant thy greatness, and thy mighty hand: for what God is there in  or in earth, that can do according to thy works, and according to thy might?

 I pray thee, let me go over, and see the good land that is beyond , that goodly mountain, and .

 But the LORD was wroth with me for your sakes, and would not hear me: and the LORD said unto me, Let it suffice thee; speak no more unto me of this matter.

 Get thee up into the top of , and lift up thine eyes , and , and southward, and eastward, and behold it with thine eyes: for thou shalt not go over this .

 But charge , and encourage him, and strengthen him: for he shall go over before this people, and he shall cause them to inherit the land which thou shalt see.

 So we abode in the  over against Bethpeor.
