King James Version: Deuteronomy: Deuteronomy Chapter
King James Version: Deuteronomy Chapter
And this is the blessing, wherewith  the man of God blessed the children of  before his death.

 And he said, The LORD came from , and rose up from  unto them; he shined forth from  , and he came with ten  of saints: from his right hand went a fiery law for them.

 Yea, he loved the people; all his saints are in thy hand: and they sat down at thy feet; every one shall receive of thy words.

  commanded us a law, even the inheritance of the  of .

 And he was  in , when the heads of the people and the tribes of  were gathered together.

 Let  live, and not die; and let not his men be few.

 And this is the blessing of : and he said, Hear, LORD, the voice of , and bring him unto his people: let his hands be sufficient for him; and be thou an help to him from his enemies.

 And of  he said, Let thy  and thy  be with thy holy one, whom thou didst prove at , and with whom thou didst strive at the waters of ;

 Who said unto his father and to his mother, I have not seen him; neither did he acknowledge his brethren, nor knew his own children: for they have observed thy word, and kept thy .

 They shall teach  thy judgments, and  thy law: they shall put  before thee, and whole burnt  upon thine .

 , LORD, his substance, and accept the work of his hands; smite through the loins of them that rise against him, and of them that hate him, that they rise not again.

 And of  he said, The beloved of the LORD shall dwell in safety by him; and the Lord shall cover him all the day long, and he shall dwell between his shoulders.

 And of  he said, Blessed of the LORD be his land, for the precious things of , for the , and for the  that coucheth beneath,

 And for the precious fruits brought forth by the , and for the precious things put forth by the ,

 And for the chief things of the ancient mountains, and for the precious things of the lasting hills,

 And for the precious things of the earth and  thereof, and for the good will of him that dwelt in the : let the blessing come upon the head of , and upon the top of the head of him that was separated from his brethren.

 His  is like the firstling of his , and his horns are like the horns of unicorns: with them he shall push the people together to the ends of the earth: and they are the ten  of , and they are the  of .

 And of  he said, Rejoice, , in thy going out; and, , in thy tents.

 They shall call the people unto the mountain; there they shall offer sacrifices of : for they shall suck of the abundance of the seas, and of treasures hid in the sand.

 And of  he said, Blessed be he that enlargeth : he dwelleth as a lion, and teareth the arm with the  of the head.

 And he provided the first part for himself, because there, in a portion of the lawgiver, was he seated; and he came with the heads of the people, he executed the  of the LORD, and his judgments with .

 And of  he said,  is a lion's whelp: he shall leap from .

 And of  he said, O , satisfied with favour, and full with the blessing of the LORD: possess thou the west and the south.

 And of  he said, Let  be blessed with children; let him be acceptable to his brethren, and let him dip his foot in oil.

 Thy shoes shall be  and ; and as thy days, so shall thy strength be.

 There is none like unto the God of , who rideth upon the  in thy help, and in his excellency on the sky.

 The eternal God is thy refuge, and underneath are the  arms: and he shall thrust out the enemy from before thee; and shall say, Destroy them.

  then shall dwell in safety alone: the  of  shall be upon a land of  and ; also his heavens shall drop down .

 Happy art thou, O : who is like unto thee, O people saved by the LORD, the  of thy help, and who is the  of thy excellency! and thine enemies shall be found liars unto thee; and thou shalt tread upon their high places.
