King James Version: Deuteronomy: Deuteronomy Chapter
King James Version: Deuteronomy Chapter
Give , O ye heavens, and I will speak; and hear, O earth, the words of my mouth.

 My doctrine shall drop as the , my speech shall distil as the , as the small  upon the tender , and as the showers upon the :

 Because I will publish the name of the LORD: ascribe ye greatness unto our God.

 He is the , his work is perfect: for all his ways are judgment: a God of truth and without iniquity, just and right is he.

 They have corrupted themselves, their spot is not the spot of his children: they are a perverse and crooked .

 Do ye thus requite the LORD, O foolish people and unwise? is not he thy father that hath bought thee? hath he not made thee, and established thee?

 Remember the days of old, consider the years of many generations: ask thy father, and he will shew thee; thy elders, and they will tell thee.

 When the Most High divided to the nations their inheritance, when he separated the sons of , he set the bounds of the people according to the number of the children of .

 For the LORD's portion is his people;  is the lot of his inheritance.

 He found him in a  land, and in the waste howling ; he led him about, he instructed him, he kept him as the  of his eye.

 As an  stirreth up her nest, fluttereth over her young, spreadeth abroad her wings, taketh them, beareth them on her wings:

 So the LORD alone did lead him, and there was no strange god with him.

 He made him ride on the high places of the earth, that he might eat the increase of the fields; and he made him to suck  out of the , and oil out of the flinty ;

  of , and  of , with  of lambs, and rams of the breed of , and goats, with the  of kidneys of ; and thou didst  the pure  of the .

 But  waxed , and kicked: thou art waxen , thou art grown thick, thou art covered with fatness; then he forsook God which made him, and lightly esteemed the  of his .

 They provoked him to  with strange gods, with abominations provoked they him to .

 They sacrificed unto devils, not to God; to gods whom they knew not, to new gods that came newly up, whom your fathers feared not.

 Of the  that begat thee thou art unmindful, and hast forgotten God that formed thee.

 And when the LORD saw it, he abhorred them, because of the provoking of his sons, and of his daughters.

 And he said, I will hide my face from them, I will see what their end shall be: for they are a very froward , children in whom is no faith.

 They have moved me to  with that which is not God; they have provoked me to  with their vanities: and I will move them to  with those which are not a people; I will provoke them to  with a foolish nation.

 For a fire is kindled in mine , and shall burn unto the lowest , and shall consume the earth with her increase, and set on fire the foundations of the mountains.

 I will  mischiefs upon them; I will spend mine  upon them.

 They shall be burnt with hunger, and devoured with burning heat, and with  : I will also send the teeth of beasts upon them, with the  of serpents of the .

 The  without, and terror within, shall destroy both the young man and the , the suckling also with the man of gray hairs.

 I said, I would scatter them into corners, I would make the remembrance of them to cease from among men:

 Were it not that I feared the wrath of the enemy, lest their adversaries should behave themselves strangely, and lest they should say, Our hand is high, and the LORD hath not done all this.

 For they are a nation void of counsel, neither is there any understanding in them.

 O that they were , that they understood this, that they would consider their latter end!

 How should one chase a thousand, and two put ten thousand to flight, except their  had sold them, and the LORD had shut them up?

 For their  is not as our , even our enemies themselves being judges.

 For their  is of the  of , and of the fields of : their grapes are grapes of , their clusters are :

 Their  is the  of dragons, and the cruel venom of asps.

 Is not this laid up in store with me, and sealed up among my treasures?

 To me belongeth vengeance and recompence; their foot shall slide in due time: for the day of their calamity is at hand, and the things that shall come upon them make haste.

 For the LORD shall  his people, and repent himself for his servants, when he seeth that their power is gone, and there is none shut up, or left.

 And he shall say, Where are their gods, their  in whom they trusted,

 Which did eat the  of their sacrifices, and drank the  of their  offerings? let them rise up and help you, and be your protection.

 See now that I, even I, am he, and there is no god with me: I kill, and I make alive; I wound, and I heal: neither is there any that can deliver out of my hand.

 For I lift up my hand to , and say, I live for ever.

 If I whet my glittering , and mine hand take hold on judgment; I will render vengeance to mine enemies, and will reward them that hate me.

 I will make mine   with , and my  shall devour ; and that with the  of the slain and of the captives, from the beginning of revenges upon the enemy.

 Rejoice, O ye nations, with his people: for he will avenge the  of his servants, and will render vengeance to his adversaries, and will be merciful unto his land, and to his people.

 And  came and spake all the words of this song in the ears of the people, he, and  the son of .

 And  made an end of speaking all these words to all :

 And he said unto them, Set your hearts unto all the words which I testify among you this day, which ye shall command your children to observe to do, all the words of this law.

 For it is not a vain thing for you; because it is your life: and through this thing ye shall prolong your days in the land, whither ye go over  to possess it.

 And the LORD spake unto  that selfsame day, saying,

 Get thee up into this mountain , unto  , which is in the land of , that is over against ; and behold the land of , which I give unto the children of  for a possession:

 And die in the  whither thou goest up, and be gathered unto thy people; as  thy brother died in  , and was gathered unto his people:

 Because ye trespassed against me among the children of  at the waters of MeribahKadesh, in the  of ; because ye sanctified me not in the midst of the children of .

 Yet thou shalt see the land before thee; but thou shalt not go thither unto the land which I give the children of .
