King James Version: Deuteronomy: Deuteronomy Chapter
King James Version: Deuteronomy Chapter
He that is wounded in the stones, or hath his privy member cut off, shall not enter into the  of the LORD.

 A  shall not enter into the  of the LORD; even to his tenth  shall he not enter into the  of the LORD.

 An  or  shall not enter into the  of the LORD; even to their tenth  shall they not enter into the  of the LORD for ever:

 Because they met you not with  and with water in the way, when ye came forth out of ; and because they hired against thee  the son of  of  of , to  thee.

 Nevertheless the LORD thy God would not hearken unto ; but the LORD thy God turned the  into a blessing unto thee, because the LORD thy God loved thee.

 Thou shalt not seek their peace nor their prosperity all thy days for ever.

 Thou shalt not abhor an Edomite; for he is thy brother: thou shalt not abhor an Egyptian; because thou wast a  in his land.

 The children that are begotten of them shall enter into the  of the LORD in their third .

 When the  goeth forth against thine enemies, then keep thee from every wicked thing.

 If there be among you any man, that is not  by reason of uncleanness that chanceth him by night, then shall he go abroad out of the , he shall not come within the :

 But it shall be, when evening cometh on, he shall wash himself with water: and when the  is down, he shall come into the  again.

 Thou shalt have a place also without the , whither thou shalt go forth abroad:

 And thou shalt have a paddle upon thy weapon; and it shall be, when thou wilt ease thyself abroad, thou shalt dig therewith, and shalt turn back and cover that which cometh from thee:

 For the LORD thy God walketh in the midst of thy , to deliver thee, and to give up thine enemies before thee; therefore shall thy  be holy: that he see no unclean thing in thee, and turn away from thee.

 Thou shalt not deliver unto his master the servant which is escaped from his master unto thee:

 He shall dwell with thee, even among you, in that place which he shall choose in one of thy gates, where it liketh him best: thou shalt not oppress him.

 There shall be no whore of the daughters of , nor a sodomite of the sons of .

 Thou shalt not bring the hire of a whore, or the price of a dog, into the house of the LORD thy God for any vow: for even both these are  unto the LORD thy God.

 Thou shalt not lend upon  to thy brother;  of money,  of victuals,  of any thing that is lent upon :

 Unto a  thou mayest lend upon ; but unto thy brother thou shalt not lend upon : that the LORD thy God may  thee in all that thou settest thine hand to in the land whither thou goest to possess it.

 When thou shalt vow a vow unto the LORD thy God, thou shalt not slack to pay it: for the LORD thy God will surely require it of thee; and it would be  in thee.

 But if thou shalt forbear to vow, it shall be no  in thee.

 That which is gone out of thy lips thou shalt keep and perform; even a freewill , according as thou hast vowed unto the LORD thy God, which thou hast promised with thy mouth.

 When thou comest into thy neighbour's vineyard, then thou mayest eat grapes thy fill at thine own pleasure; but thou shalt not put any in thy vessel.

 When thou comest into the standing  of thy neighbour, then thou mayest pluck the ears with thine hand; but thou shalt not move a  unto thy neighbour's standing .
