King James Version: Joshua: Joshua Chapter
King James Version: Joshua Chapter
And these are the countries which the children of  inherited in the land of , which  the , and  the son of , and the heads of the fathers of the tribes of the children of , distributed for inheritance to them.

 By lot was their inheritance, as the LORD commanded by the hand of , for the nine tribes, and for the half .

 For  had given the inheritance of two tribes and an half  on the other side : but unto the Levites he gave none inheritance among them.

 For the children of  were two tribes,  and : therefore they gave no part unto the Levites in the land, save cities to dwell in, with their  for their  and for their substance.

 As the LORD commanded , so the children of  did, and they divided the land.

 Then the children of  came unto  in : and  the son of  the Kenezite said unto him, Thou knowest the thing that the LORD said unto  the man of God concerning me and thee in Kadeshbarnea.

 Forty years old was I when  the servant of the LORD sent me from Kadeshbarnea to espy out the land; and I brought him word again as it was in mine heart.

 Nevertheless my brethren that went up with me made the heart of the people melt: but I wholly followed the LORD my God.

 And  sware on that day, saying, Surely the land whereon thy feet have trodden shall be thine inheritance, and thy children's for ever, because thou hast wholly followed the LORD my God.

 And now, behold, the LORD hath kept me alive, as he said, these forty and five years, even since the LORD spake this word unto , while the children of  wandered in the : and now, lo, I am this day fourscore and five years old.

 As yet I am as strong this day as I was in the day that  sent me: as my strength was then, even so is my strength now, for war, both to go out, and to come in.

 Now therefore give me this mountain, whereof the LORD spake in that day; for thou heardest in that day how the Anakims were there, and that the cities were great and fenced: if so be the LORD will be with me, then I shall be able to drive them out, as the LORD said.

 And  blessed him, and gave unto  the son of   for an inheritance.

  therefore became the inheritance of  the son of  the Kenezite unto this day, because that he wholly followed the LORD God of .

 And the name of  before was Kirjatharba; which  was a great man among the Anakims. And the land had rest from war.
