King James Version: Joshua: Joshua Chapter
King James Version: Joshua Chapter
Now it came to pass, when Adonizedec  of  had heard how  had taken , and had utterly destroyed it; as he had done to  and her , so he had done to  and her ; and how the inhabitants of  had made peace with , and were among them;

 That they feared greatly, because  was a great city, as one of the royal cities, and because it was greater than , and all the men thereof were mighty.

 Wherefore Adonizedec  of , sent unto   of , and unto   of , and unto   of , and unto   of , saying,

 Come up unto me, and help me, that we may smite : for it hath made peace with  and with the children of .

 Therefore the five kings of the , the  of , the  of , the  of , the  of , the  of , gathered themselves together, and went up, they and all their hosts, and encamped before , and made war against it.

 And the men of  sent unto  to the  to , saying, Slack not thy hand from thy servants; come up to us quickly, and save us, and help us: for all the kings of the  that dwell in the mountains are gathered together against us.

 So  ascended from , he, and all the people of war with him, and all the mighty men of valour.

 And the LORD said unto , Fear them not: for I have delivered them into thine hand; there shall not a man of them stand before thee.

  therefore came unto them suddenly, and went up from  all night.

 And the LORD discomfited them before , and slew them with a great slaughter at , and chased them along the way that goeth up to Bethhoron, and smote them to , and unto .

 And it came to pass, as they fled from before , and were in the going down to Bethhoron, that the LORD cast down great stones from  upon them unto , and they died: they were more which died with hailstones than they whom the children of  slew with the .

 Then spake  to the LORD in the day when the LORD delivered up the  before the children of , and he said in the sight of , , stand thou still upon ; and thou, , in the  of .

 And the  stood still, and the  stayed, until the people had avenged themselves upon their enemies. Is not this written in the book of ? So the  stood still in the midst of , and hasted not to go down about a whole day.

 And there was no day like that before it or after it, that the LORD hearkened unto the voice of a man: for the LORD fought for .

 And  returned, and all  with him, unto the  to .

 But these five kings fled, and hid themselves in a  at .

 And it was told , saying, The five kings are found hid in a  at .

 And  said,  great stones upon the mouth of the , and set men by it for to keep them:

 And stay ye not, but pursue after your enemies, and smite the hindmost of them; suffer them not to enter into their cities: for the LORD your God hath delivered them into your hand.

 And it came to pass, when  and the children of  had made an end of slaying them with a very great slaughter, till they were consumed, that the rest which remained of them entered into fenced cities.

 And all the people returned to the  to  at  in peace: none moved his tongue against any of the children of .

 Then said , Open the mouth of the , and bring out those five kings unto me out of the .

 And they did so, and brought forth those five kings unto him out of the , the  of , the  of , the  of , the  of , and the  of .

 And it came to pass, when they brought out those kings unto , that  called for all the men of , and said unto the captains of the men of war which went with him, Come near, put your feet upon the necks of these kings. And they came near, and put their feet upon the necks of them.

 And  said unto them, Fear not, nor be dismayed, be strong and of good courage: for thus shall the LORD do to all your enemies against whom ye fight.

 And afterward  smote them, and slew them, and hanged them on five trees: and they were  upon the trees until the evening.

 And it came to pass at the time of the going down of the , that  commanded, and they took them down off the trees, and cast them into the  wherein they had been hid, and laid great stones in the cave's mouth, which remain until this very day.

 And that day  took , and smote it with the edge of the , and the  thereof he utterly destroyed, them, and all the souls that were therein; he let none remain: and he did to the  of  as he did unto the  of .

 Then  passed from , and all  with him, unto , and fought against :

 And the LORD delivered it also, and the  thereof, into the hand of ; and he smote it with the edge of the , and all the souls that were therein; he let none remain in it; but did unto the  thereof as he did unto the  of .

 And  passed from , and all  with him, unto , and encamped against it, and fought against it:

 And the LORD delivered  into the hand of , which took it on the second day, and smote it with the edge of the , and all the souls that were therein, according to all that he had done to .

 Then Horam  of  came up to help ; and  smote him and his people, until he had left him none remaining.

 And from   passed unto , and all  with him; and they encamped against it, and fought against it:

 And they took it on that day, and smote it with the edge of the , and all the souls that were therein he utterly destroyed that day, according to all that he had done to .

 And  went up from , and all  with him, unto ; and they fought against it:

 And they took it, and smote it with the edge of the , and the  thereof, and all the cities thereof, and all the souls that were therein; he left none remaining, according to all that he had done to ; but destroyed it utterly, and all the souls that were therein.

 And  returned, and all  with him, to ; and fought against it:

 And he took it, and the  thereof, and all the cities thereof; and they smote them with the edge of the , and utterly destroyed all the souls that were therein; he left none remaining: as he had done to , so he did to , and to the  thereof; as he had done also to , and to her .

 So  smote all the country of the hills, and of the south, and of the vale, and of the springs, and all their kings: he left none remaining, but utterly destroyed all that breathed, as the LORD God of  commanded.

 And  smote them from Kadeshbarnea even unto , and all the country of , even unto .

 And all these kings and their land did  take at one time, because the LORD God of  fought for .

 And  returned, and all  with him, unto the  to .
