King James Version: Joshua: Joshua Chapter
King James Version: Joshua Chapter
Now  was straitly shut up because of the children of : none went out, and none came in.

 And the LORD said unto , See, I have given into thine hand , and the  thereof, and the mighty men of valour.

 And ye shall compass the city, all ye men of war, and go round about the city once. Thus shalt thou do six days.

 And  priests shall bear before the    of rams' horns: and the seventh day ye shall compass the city  times, and the priests shall blow with the .

 And it shall come to pass, that when they make a long blast with the ram's , and when ye hear the sound of the trumpet, all the people shall shout with a great shout; and the wall of the city shall fall down flat, and the people shall ascend up every man straight before him.

 And  the son of  called the priests, and said unto them, Take up the  of the , and let  priests bear   of rams' horns before the  of the LORD.

 And he said unto the people, Pass on, and compass the city, and let him that is armed pass on before the  of the LORD.

 And it came to pass, when  had spoken unto the people, that the  priests bearing the   of rams' horns passed on before the LORD, and blew with the : and the  of the  of the LORD followed them.

 And the armed men went before the priests that blew with the , and the  came after the , the priests going on, and blowing with the .

 And  had commanded the people, saying, Ye shall not shout, nor make any noise with your voice, neither shall any word proceed out of your mouth, until the day I bid you shout; then shall ye shout.

 So the  of the LORD compassed the city, going about it once: and they came into the , and lodged in the .

 And  rose early in the morning, and the priests took up the  of the LORD.

 And  priests bearing   of rams' horns before the  of the LORD went on continually, and blew with the : and the armed men went before them; but the  came after the  of the LORD, the priests going on, and blowing with the .

 And the second day they compassed the city once, and returned into the : so they did six days.

 And it came to pass on the seventh day, that they rose early about the dawning of the day, and compassed the city after the same manner  times: only on that day they compassed the city  times.

 And it came to pass at the seventh time, when the priests blew with the ,  said unto the people, Shout; for the LORD hath given you the city.

 And the city shall be accursed, even it, and all that are therein, to the LORD: only  the  shall live, she and all that are with her in the house, because she hid the messengers that we sent.

 And ye, in any  keep yourselves from the accursed thing, lest ye make yourselves accursed, when ye take of the accursed thing, and make the  of  a , and trouble it.

 But all the , and , and vessels of  and , are consecrated unto the LORD: they shall come into the  of the LORD.

 So the people shouted when the priests blew with the : and it came to pass, when the people heard the sound of the trumpet, and the people shouted with a great shout, that the wall fell down flat, so that the people went up into the city, every man straight before him, and they took the city.

 And they utterly destroyed all that was in the city, both man and woman, young and old, and , and , and , with the edge of the .

 But  had said unto the two men that had spied out the country, Go into the harlot's house, and bring out thence the woman, and all that she hath, as ye sware unto her.

 And the young men that were  went in, and brought out , and her father, and her mother, and her brethren, and all that she had; and they brought out all her kindred, and left them without the  of .

 And they burnt the city with fire, and all that was therein: only the , and the , and the vessels of  and of , they put into the  of the house of the LORD.

 And  saved  the  alive, and her father's household, and all that she had; and she dwelleth in  even unto this day; because she hid the messengers, which  sent to spy out .

 And  adjured them at that time, saying, Cursed be the man before the LORD, that riseth up and buildeth this city : he shall lay the foundation thereof in his firstborn, and in his youngest son shall he set up the gates of it.

 So the LORD was with ; and his fame was noised throughout all the country.
