King James Version: Joshua: Joshua Chapter
King James Version: Joshua Chapter
And the second lot came forth to , even for the  of the children of  according to their families: and their inheritance was within the inheritance of the children of .

 And they had in their inheritance , and , and ,

 And Hazarshual, and , and Azem,

 And Eltolad, and Bethul, and ,

 And , and Bethmarcaboth, and Hazarsusah,

 And Bethlebaoth, and Sharuhen; thirteen cities and their :

 Ain, Remmon, and Ether, and Ashan; four cities and their :

 And all the  that were round about these cities to Baalathbeer, Ramath of the south. This is the inheritance of the  of the children of  according to their families.

 Out of the portion of the children of  was the inheritance of the children of : for the part of the children of  was too much for them: therefore the children of  had their inheritance within the inheritance of them.

 And the third lot came up for the children of  according to their families: and the border of their inheritance was unto Sarid:

 And their border went up toward the sea, and , and reached to Dabbasheth, and reached to the river that is before ;

 And turned from Sarid eastward toward the sunrising unto the border of Chislothtabor, and then goeth out to , and goeth up to ,

 And from thence passeth on along on the  to Gittahhepher, to Ittahkazin, and goeth out to Remmonmethoar to ;

 And the border compasseth it on the north side to Hannathon: and the outgoings thereof are in the  of Jiphthahel:

 And , and , and , and , and : twelve cities with their .

 This is the inheritance of the children of  according to their families, these cities with their .

 And the fourth lot came out to , for the children of  according to their families.

 And their border was toward , and , and ,

 And Haphraim, and , and Anaharath,

 And Rabbith, and , and ,

 And , and Engannim, and Enhaddah, and Bethpazzez;

 And the coast reacheth to , and Shahazimah, and Bethshemesh; and the outgoings of their border were at : sixteen cities with their .

 This is the inheritance of the  of the children of  according to their families, the cities and their .

 And the fifth lot came out for the  of the children of  according to their families.

 And their border was , and Hali, and Beten, and ,

 And Alammelech, and Amad, and ; and reacheth to  , and to Shihorlibnath;

 And turneth toward the sunrising to Bethdagon, and reacheth to , and to the  of Jiphthahel toward the north side of Bethemek, and , and goeth out to  on the left hand,

 And , and , and , and , even unto great ;

 And then the coast turneth to , and to the strong city ; and the coast turneth to ; and the outgoings thereof are at the sea from the coast to :

  also, and Aphek, and : twenty and two cities with their .

 This is the inheritance of the  of the children of  according to their families, these cities with their .

 The sixth lot came out to the children of , even for the children of  according to their families.

 And their coast was from , from  to , and Adami, , and , unto Lakum; and the outgoings thereof were at :

 And then the coast turneth  to Aznothtabor, and goeth out from thence to , and reacheth to  on the south side, and reacheth to  on the west side, and to  upon  toward the sunrising.

 And the fenced cities are , Zer, and , , and ,

 And , and , and ,

 And , and , and Enhazor,

 And , and Migdalel, , and Bethanath, and Bethshemesh; nineteen cities with their .

 This is the inheritance of the  of the children of  according to their families, the cities and their .

 And the seventh lot came out for the  of the children of  according to their families.

 And the coast of their inheritance was , and , and Irshemesh,

 And , and , and ,

 And , and Thimnathah, and ,

 And , and , and ,

 And Jehud, and Beneberak, and Gathrimmon,

 And Mejarkon, and , with the border before .

 And the coast of the children of  went out too little for them: therefore the children of  went up to fight against Leshem, and took it, and smote it with the edge of the , and possessed it, and dwelt therein, and called Leshem, , after the name of  their father.

 This is the inheritance of the  of the children of  according to their families, these cities with their .

 When they had made an end of dividing the land for inheritance by their coasts, the children of  gave an inheritance to  the son of  among them:

 According to the word of the LORD they gave him the city which he asked, even Timnathserah in  : and he built the city, and dwelt therein.

 These are the inheritances, which  the , and  the son of , and the heads of the fathers of the tribes of the children of , divided for an inheritance by lot in  before the LORD, at the door of the  of the . So they made an end of dividing the country.
