King James Version: Joshua: Joshua Chapter
King James Version: Joshua Chapter
And it came to pass, when all the kings which were on this side , in the hills, and in the valleys, and in all the coasts of the great sea over against , the Hittite, and the Amorite, the , the Perizzite, the Hivite, and the Jebusite, heard thereof;

 That they gathered themselves together, to fight with  and with , with one accord.

 And when the inhabitants of  heard what  had done unto  and to ,

 They did work wilily, and went and made as if they had been ambassadors, and took old sacks upon their asses, and  bottles, old, and , and bound up;

 And old shoes and clouted upon their feet, and old garments upon them; and all the  of their provision was dry and .

 And they went to  unto the  at , and said unto him, and to the men of , We be come from a far country: now therefore make ye a  with us.

 And the men of  said unto the , Peradventure ye dwell among us; and how shall we make a  with you?

 And they said unto , We are thy servants. And  said unto them, Who are ye? and from whence come ye?

 And they said unto him, From a very far country thy servants are come because of the name of the LORD thy God: for we have heard the fame of him, and all that he did in ,

 And all that he did to the two kings of the , that were beyond , to   of , and to   of , which was at .

 Wherefore our elders and all the inhabitants of our country spake to us, saying, Take victuals with you for the , and go to meet them, and say unto them, We are your servants: therefore now make ye a  with us.

 This our  we took hot for our provision out of our houses on the day we came forth to go unto you; but now, behold, it is dry, and it is :

 And these bottles of , which we filled, were new; and, behold, they be : and these our garments and our shoes are become old by reason of the very long .

 And the men took of their victuals, and asked not counsel at the mouth of the LORD.

 And  made peace with them, and made a  with them, to let them live: and the princes of the  sware unto them.

 And it came to pass at the end of three days after they had made a  with them, that they heard that they were their neighbours, and that they dwelt among them.

 And the children of  journeyed, and came unto their cities on the third day. Now their cities were , and , and , and Kirjathjearim.

 And the children of  smote them not, because the princes of the  had sworn unto them by the LORD God of . And all the  murmured against the princes.

 But all the princes said unto all the , We have sworn unto them by the LORD God of : now therefore we may not touch them.

 This we will do to them; we will even let them live, lest wrath be upon us, because of the  which we sware unto them.

 And the princes said unto them, Let them live; but let them be hewers of  and drawers of water unto all the ; as the princes had promised them.

 And  called for them, and he spake unto them, saying, Wherefore have ye beguiled us, saying, We are very far from you; when ye dwell among us?

 Now therefore ye are cursed, and there shall none of you be freed from being bondmen, and hewers of  and drawers of water for the house of my God.

 And they answered , and said, Because it was certainly told thy servants, how that the LORD thy God commanded his servant  to give you all the land, and to destroy all the inhabitants of the land from before you, therefore we were sore afraid of our lives because of you, and have done this thing.

 And now, behold, we are in thine hand: as it seemeth good and right unto thee to do unto us, do.

 And so did he unto them, and delivered them out of the hand of the children of , that they slew them not.

 And  made them that day hewers of  and drawers of water for the , and for the  of the LORD, even unto this day, in the place which he should choose.
