King James Version: Joshua: Joshua Chapter
King James Version: Joshua Chapter
And it came to pass, when   of  had heard those things, that he sent to   of , and to the  of , and to the  of ,

 And to the kings that were on the north of the mountains, and of the plains south of Chinneroth, and in the , and in the borders of  on the west,

 And to the  on the  and on the west, and to the Amorite, and the Hittite, and the Perizzite, and the Jebusite in the mountains, and to the Hivite under  in the land of Mizpeh.

 And they went out, they and all their hosts with them, much people, even as the sand that is upon the sea shore in multitude, with horses and chariots very many.

 And when all these kings were met together, they came and pitched together at the waters of , to fight against .

 And the LORD said unto , Be not afraid because of them: for to morrow about this time will I deliver them up all slain before : thou shalt  their horses, and burn their chariots with fire.

 So  came, and all the people of war with him, against them by the waters of  suddenly; and they fell upon them.

 And the LORD delivered them into the hand of , who smote them, and chased them unto great , and unto Misrephothmaim, and unto the  of Mizpeh eastward; and they smote them, until they left them none remaining.

 And  did unto them as the LORD bade him: he houghed their horses, and burnt their chariots with fire.

 And  at that time turned back, and took , and smote the  thereof with the : for  beforetime was the head of all those kingdoms.

 And they smote all the souls that were therein with the edge of the , utterly destroying them: there was not any left to breathe: and he burnt  with fire.

 And all the cities of those kings, and all the kings of them, did  take, and smote them with the edge of the , and he utterly destroyed them, as  the servant of the LORD commanded.

 But as for the cities that stood still in their strength,  burned none of them, save  only; that did  burn.

 And all the spoil of these cities, and the , the children of  took for a prey unto themselves; but every man they smote with the edge of the , until they had destroyed them, neither left they any to breathe.

 As the LORD commanded  his servant, so did  command , and so did ; he left nothing undone of all that the LORD commanded .

 So  took all that land, the hills, and all the south country, and all the land of , and the , and the , and the mountain of , and the  of the same;

 Even from the  , that goeth up to , even unto Baalgad in the  of  under  : and all their kings he took, and smote them, and slew them.

  made war a long time with all those kings.

 There was not a city that made peace with the children of , save the  the inhabitants of : all other they took in battle.

 For it was of the LORD to harden their hearts, that they should come against  in battle, that he might destroy them utterly, and that they might have no favour, but that he might destroy them, as the LORD commanded .

 And at that time came , and cut off the Anakims from the mountains, from , from , from , and from all the mountains of , and from all the mountains of :  destroyed them utterly with their cities.

 There was none of the Anakims left in the land of the children of : only in , in , and in , there remained.

 So  took the whole land, according to all that the LORD said unto ; and  gave it for an inheritance unto  according to their divisions by their tribes. And the land rested from war.
