King James Version: Joshua: Joshua Chapter
King James Version: Joshua Chapter
Then came near the heads of the fathers of the Levites unto  the , and unto  the son of , and unto the heads of the fathers of the tribes of the children of ;

 And they spake unto them at  in the land of , saying, The LORD commanded by the hand of  to give us cities to dwell in, with the  thereof for our .

 And the children of  gave unto the Levites out of their inheritance, at the commandment of the LORD, these cities and their .

 And the lot came out for the families of the : and the children of  the , which were of the Levites, had by lot out of the  of , and out of the  of , and out of the  of , thirteen cities.

 And the rest of the children of  had by lot out of the families of the  of , and out of the  of , and out of the half  of , ten cities.

 And the children of  had by lot out of the families of the  of , and out of the  of , and out of the  of , and out of the half  of  in , thirteen cities.

 The children of  by their families had out of the  of , and out of the  of , and out of the  of , twelve cities.

 And the children of  gave by lot unto the Levites these cities with their , as the LORD commanded by the hand of .

 And they gave out of the  of the children of , and out of the  of the children of , these cities which are here mentioned by name.

 Which the children of , being of the families of the , who were of the children of , had: for theirs was the first lot.

 And they gave them the city of  the father of , which city is , in the hill country of , with the  thereof round about it.

 But the fields of the city, and the  thereof, gave they to  the son of  for his possession.

 Thus they gave to the children of  the   with her , to be a city of refuge for the slayer; and  with her ,

 And  with her , and  with her ,

 And Holon with her , and  with her ,

 And Ain with her , and  with her , and Bethshemesh with her ; nine cities out of those two tribes.

 And out of the  of ,  with her ,  with her ,

  with her , and  with her ; four cities.

 All the cities of the children of , the priests, were thirteen cities with their .

 And the families of the children of , the Levites which remained of the children of , even they had the cities of their lot out of the  of .

 For they gave them  with her  in  , to be a city of refuge for the slayer; and  with her ,

 And  with her , and Bethhoron with her ; four cities.

 And out of the  of ,  with her ,  with her ,

 Aijalon with her , Gathrimmon with her ; four cities.

 And out of the half  of , Tanach with her , and Gathrimmon with her ; two cities.

 All the cities were ten with their  for the families of the children of  that remained.

 And unto the children of , of the families of the Levites, out of the other half  of  they gave  in  with her , to be a city of refuge for the slayer; and Beeshterah with her ; two cities.

 And out of the  of ,  with her , Dabareh with her ,

  with her , Engannim with her ; four cities.

 And out of the  of ,  with her ,  with her ,

  with her , and  with her ; four cities.

 And out of the  of ,  in  with her , to be a city of refuge for the slayer; and Hammothdor with her , and  with her ; three cities.

 All the cities of the Gershonites according to their families were thirteen cities with their .

 And unto the families of the children of , the rest of the Levites, out of the  of ,  with her , and  with her ,

  with her , Nahalal with her ; four cities.

 And out of the  of ,  with her , and Jahazah with her ,

  with her , and  with her ; four cities.

 And out of the  of ,  in  with her , to be a city of refuge for the slayer; and  with her ,

  with her , Jazer with her ; four cities in all.

 So all the cities for the children of  by their families, which were remaining of the families of the Levites, were by their lot twelve cities.

 All the cities of the Levites within the possession of the children of  were forty and eight cities with their .

 These cities were every one with their  round about them: thus were all these cities.

 And the LORD gave unto  all the land which he sware to give unto their fathers; and they possessed it, and dwelt therein.

 And the LORD gave them rest round about, according to all that he sware unto their fathers: and there stood not a man of all their enemies before them; the LORD delivered all their enemies into their hand.

 There failed not ought of any good thing which the LORD had spoken unto the house of ; all came to pass.
