King James Version: Joshua: Joshua Chapter
King James Version: Joshua Chapter
And it came to pass, when all the kings of the , which were on the side of  , and all the kings of the , which were by the sea, heard that the LORD had dried up the waters of  from before the children of , until we were passed over, that their heart melted, neither was there  in them any more, because of the children of .

 At that time the LORD said unto , Make thee sharp knives, and circumcise again the children of  the second time.

 And  made him sharp knives, and circumcised the children of  at the hill of the foreskins.

 And this is the cause why  did circumcise: All the people that came out of , that were males, even all the men of war, died in the  by the way, after they came out of .

 Now all the people that came out were circumcised: but all the people that were born in the  by the way as they came forth out of , them they had not circumcised.

 For the children of  walked forty years in the , till all the people that were men of war, which came out of , were consumed, because they obeyed not the voice of the LORD: unto whom the LORD sware that he would not shew them the land, which the LORD sware unto their fathers that he would give us, a land that floweth with  and .

 And their children, whom he raised up in their stead, them  circumcised: for they were uncircumcised, because they had not circumcised them by the way.

 And it came to pass, when they had done circumcising all the people, that they abode in their places in the , till they were whole.

 And the LORD said unto , This day have I rolled away the reproach of  from off you. Wherefore the name of the place is called  unto this day.

 And the children of  encamped in , and kept the  on the fourteenth day of the month at even in the plains of .

 And they did eat of the old  of the land on the morrow after the , unleavened cakes, and parched  in the selfsame day.

 And the  ceased on the morrow after they had eaten of the old  of the land; neither had the children of   any more; but they did eat of the  of the land of  that year.

 And it came to pass, when  was by , that he lifted up his eyes and looked, and, behold, there stood a man over against him with his  drawn in his hand: and  went unto him, and said unto him, Art thou for us, or for our adversaries?

 And he said, Nay; but as captain of the  of the LORD am I now come. And  fell on his face to the earth, and did , and said unto him, What saith my Lord unto his servant?

 And the captain of the LORD's  said unto , Loose thy  from off thy foot; for the place whereon thou standest is holy. And  did so.
