King James Version: Joshua: Joshua Chapter
King James Version: Joshua Chapter
And  rose early in the morning; and they removed from , and came to , he and all the children of , and lodged there before they passed over.

 And it came to pass after three days, that the officers went through the ;

 And they commanded the people, saying, When ye see the  of the  of the LORD your God, and the priests the Levites bearing it, then ye shall remove from your place, and go after it.

 Yet there shall be a space between you and it, about two thousand cubits by measure: come not near unto it, that ye may know the way by which ye must go: for ye have not passed this way heretofore.

 And  said unto the people, Sanctify yourselves: for to morrow the LORD will do wonders among you.

 And  spake unto the priests, saying, Take up the  of the , and pass over before the people. And they took up the  of the , and went before the people.

 And the LORD said unto , This day will I begin to magnify thee in the sight of all , that they may know that, as I was with , so I will be with thee.

 And thou shalt command the priests that bear the  of the , saying, When ye are come to the brink of the water of , ye shall stand still in .

 And  said unto the children of , Come hither, and hear the words of the LORD your God.

 And  said, Hereby ye shall know that the living God is among you, and that he will without fail drive out from before you the , and the , and the , and the , and the Girgashites, and the , and the .

 Behold, the  of the  of the LORD of all the earth passeth over before you into .

 Now therefore take you twelve men out of the tribes of , out of every  a man.

 And it shall come to pass, as soon as the soles of the feet of the priests that bear the  of the LORD, the LORD of all the earth, shall rest in the waters of , that the waters of  shall be cut off from the waters that come down from above; and they shall stand upon an .

 And it came to pass, when the people removed from their tents, to pass over , and the priests bearing the  of the  before the people;

 And as they that bare the  were come unto , and the feet of the priests that bare the  were dipped in the brim of the water, (for  overfloweth all his banks all the time of ,)

 That the waters which came down from above stood and rose up upon an  very far from the city , that is beside : and those that came down toward the sea of the , even the  sea, failed, and were cut off: and the people passed over right against .

 And the priests that bare the  of the  of the LORD stood firm on dry ground in the midst of , and all the Israelites passed over on dry ground, until all the people were passed  over .
