King James Version: Joshua: Joshua Chapter
King James Version: Joshua Chapter
And it came to pass, when all the people were  passed over , that the LORD spake unto , saying,

 Take you twelve men out of the people, out of every  a man,

 And command ye them, saying, Take you hence out of the midst of , out of the place where the priests' feet stood firm, twelve stones, and ye shall carry them over with you, and leave them in the lodging place, where ye shall  this night.

 Then  called the twelve men, whom he had prepared of the children of , out of every  a man:

 And  said unto them, Pass over before the  of the LORD your God into the midst of , and take you up every man of you a  upon his shoulder, according unto the number of the tribes of the children of :

 That this may be a sign among you, that when your children ask their fathers in time to come, saying, What mean ye by these stones?

 Then ye shall answer them, That the waters of  were cut off before the  of the  of the LORD; when it passed over , the waters of  were cut off: and these stones shall be for a memorial unto the children of  for ever.

 And the children of  did so as  commanded, and took up twelve stones out of the midst of , as the LORD spake unto , according to the number of the tribes of the children of , and carried them over with them unto the place where they lodged, and laid them down there.

 And  set up twelve stones in the midst of , in the place where the feet of the priests which bare the  of the  stood: and they are there unto this day.

 For the priests which bare the  stood in the midst of , until everything was finished that the LORD commanded  to speak unto the people, according to all that  commanded : and the people hasted and passed over.

 And it came to pass, when all the people were  passed over, that the  of the LORD passed over, and the priests, in the presence of the people.

 And the children of , and the children of , and half the  of , passed over armed before the children of , as  spake unto them:

 About forty thousand prepared for war passed over before the LORD unto battle, to the plains of .

 On that day the LORD magnified  in the sight of all ; and they feared him, as they feared , all the days of his life.

 And the LORD spake unto , saying,

 Command the priests that bear the  of the , that they come up out of .

  therefore commanded the priests, saying, Come ye up out of .

 And it came to pass, when the priests that bare the  of the  of the LORD were come up out of the midst of , and the soles of the priests' feet were lifted up unto the dry land, that the waters of  returned unto their place, and flowed over all his banks, as they did before.

 And the people came up out of  on the tenth day of the first month, and encamped in , in the  border of .

 And those twelve stones, which they took out of , did   in .

 And he spake unto the children of , saying, When your children shall ask their fathers in time to come, saying, What mean these stones?

 Then ye shall let your children know, saying,  came over this  on dry land.

 For the LORD your God dried up the waters of  from before you, until ye were passed over, as the LORD your God did to the Red sea, which he dried up from before us, until we were gone over:

 That all the people of the earth might know the hand of the LORD, that it is mighty: that ye might fear the LORD your God for ever.
