King James Version: Joshua: Joshua Chapter
King James Version: Joshua Chapter
This then was the lot of the  of the children of  by their families; even to the border of  the  of  southward was the uttermost part of the south coast.

 And their south border was from the shore of the  sea, from the  that looketh southward:

 And it went out to the south side to Maalehacrabbim, and passed along to , and ascended up on the south side unto Kadeshbarnea, and passed along to , and went up to , and fetched a compass to :

 From thence it passed toward Azmon, and went out unto the river of ; and the goings out of that coast were at the sea: this shall be your south coast.

 And the  border was the  sea, even unto the end of . And their border in the north quarter was from the  of the sea at the uttermost part of :

 And the border went up to Bethhogla, and passed along by the north of Betharabah; and the border went up to the  of Bohan the son of :

 And the border went up toward  from the  of , and so , looking toward , that is before the going up to , which is on the south side of the river: and the border passed toward the waters of Enshemesh, and the goings out thereof were at Enrogel:

 And the border went up by the  of the son of  unto the south side of the Jebusite; the same is : and the border went up to the top of the mountain that lieth before the  of  , which is at the end of the  of the  :

 And the border was drawn from the top of the hill unto the  of the water of , and went out to the cities of  ; and the border was drawn to , which is Kirjathjearim:

 And the border compassed from   unto  , and passed along unto the side of  , which is , on the north side, and went down to Bethshemesh, and passed on to :

 And the border went out unto the side of  : and the border was drawn to Shicron, and passed along to  , and went out unto ; and the goings out of the border were at the sea.

 And the west border was to the great sea, and the coast thereof. This is the coast of the children of  round about according to their families.

 And unto  the son of  he gave a part among the children of , according to the commandment of the LORD to , even the city of  the father of , which city is .

 And  drove thence the three sons of , , and , and , the children of .

 And he went up thence to the inhabitants of : and the name of  before was Kirjathsepher.

 And  said, He that smiteth Kirjathsepher, and taketh it, to him will I give  my daughter to wife.

 And  the son of , the brother of , took it: and he gave him  his daughter to wife.

 And it came to pass, as she came unto him, that she moved him to ask of her father a field: and she lighted off her ; and  said unto her, What wouldest thou?

 Who answered, Give me a blessing; for thou hast given me a south land; give me also springs of water. And he gave her the upper springs, and the nether springs.

 This is the inheritance of the  of the children of  according to their families.

 And the uttermost cities of the  of the children of  toward the coast of  southward were , and , and ,

 And , and Dimonah, and Adadah,

 And , and , and Ithnan,

 , and , and ,

 And , , and , and , which is ,

 Amam, and , and ,

 And Hazargaddah, and , and Bethpalet,

 And Hazarshual, and , and Bizjothjah,

 , and , and Azem,

 And Eltolad, and , and ,

 And , and , and ,

 And Lebaoth, and , and Ain, and : all the cities are twenty and nine, with their :

 And in the , , and Zoreah, and Ashnah,

 And , and Engannim, , and Enam,

 , and , Socoh, and ,

 And , and Adithaim, and , and Gederothaim; fourteen cities with their :

 Zenan, and , and Migdalgad,

 And Dilean, and Mizpeh, and ,

 , and Bozkath, and ,

 And Cabbon, and Lahmam, and ,

 And Gederoth, Bethdagon, and , and ; sixteen cities with their :

 , and Ether, and Ashan,

 And Jiphtah, and Ashnah, and ,

 And , and , and ; nine cities with their :

 , with her towns and her :

 From  even unto the sea, all that lay near , with their :

  with her towns and her ,  with her towns and her , unto the river of , and the great sea, and the border thereof:

 And in the mountains, , and , and Socoh,

 And , and Kirjathsannah, which is ,

 And , and Eshtemoh, and ,

 And , and Holon, and ; eleven cities with their :

 , and , and ,

 And , and Bethtappuah, and Aphekah,

 And Humtah, and Kirjatharba, which is , and ; nine cities with their :

 , , and , and ,

 And , and , and ,

 , , and ; ten cities with their :

 , , and ,

 And , and Bethanoth, and Eltekon; six cities with their :

 Kirjathbaal, which is Kirjathjearim, and ; two cities with their :

 In the , Betharabah, , and ,

 And , and the city of , and ; six cities with their .

 As for the  the inhabitants of , the children of  could not drive them out; but the  dwell with the children of  at  unto this day.
