King James Version: Joshua: Joshua Chapter
King James Version: Joshua Chapter
And the whole  of the children of  assembled together at , and set up the  of the  there. And the land was subdued before them.

 And there remained among the children of   tribes, which had not yet received their inheritance.

 And  said unto the children of , How long are ye slack to go to possess the land, which the LORD God of your fathers hath given you?

 Give out from among you three men for each : and I will send them, and they shall rise, and go through the land, and describe it according to the inheritance of them; and they shall come again to me.

 And they shall divide it into  parts:  shall abide in their coast on the south, and the house of  shall abide in their coasts on the north.

 Ye shall therefore describe the land into  parts, and bring the description hither to me, that I may cast lots for you here before the LORD our God.

 But the Levites have no part among you; for the priesthood of the LORD is their inheritance: and , and , and half the  of , have received their inheritance beyond  on the , which  the servant of the LORD gave them.

 And the men arose, and went away: and  charged them that went to describe the land, saying, Go and walk through the land, and describe it, and come again to me, that I may here cast lots for you before the LORD in .

 And the men went and passed through the land, and described it by cities into  parts in a book, and came again to  to the  at .

 And  cast lots for them in  before the LORD: and there  divided the land unto the children of  according to their divisions.

 And the lot of the  of the children of  came up according to their families: and the coast of their lot came forth between the children of  and the children of .

 And their border on the north side was from ; and the border went up to the side of  on the north side, and went up through the mountains ; and the goings out thereof were at the  of Bethaven.

 And the border went over from thence toward , to the side of , which is , southward; and the border descended to Atarothadar, near the hill that lieth on the south side of the nether Bethhoron.

 And the border was drawn thence, and compassed the corner of the sea southward, from the hill that lieth before Bethhoron southward; and the goings out thereof were at Kirjathbaal, which is Kirjathjearim, a city of the children of : this was the west quarter.

 And the south quarter was from the end of Kirjathjearim, and the border went out on the west, and went out to the well of waters of :

 And the border came down to the end of the mountain that lieth before the  of the son of , and which is in the  of the  on the north, and descended to the  of , to the side of Jebusi on the south, and descended to Enrogel,

 And was drawn from the north, and went forth to Enshemesh, and went forth toward , which is over against the going up of , and descended to the  of Bohan the son of ,

 And passed along toward the side over against  , and went down unto :

 And the border passed along to the side of Bethhoglah : and the outgoings of the border were at the north  of the  sea at the south end of : this was the south coast.

 And  was the border of it on the  side. This was the inheritance of the children of , by the coasts thereof round about, according to their families.

 Now the cities of the  of the children of  according to their families were , and Bethhoglah, and the  of ,

 And Betharabah, and , and ,

 And , and Pharah, and ,

 And Chepharhaammonai, and , and Gaba; twelve cities with their :

 , and , and ,

 And Mizpeh, and , and ,

 And , and Irpeel, and Taralah,

 And , Eleph, and Jebusi, which is , Gibeath, and ; fourteen cities with their . This is the inheritance of the children of  according to their families.
