King James Version: Joshua: Joshua Chapter
King James Version: Joshua Chapter
There was also a lot for the  of ; for he was the firstborn of ; to wit, for  the firstborn of , the father of : because he was a man of war, therefore he had  and .

 There was also a lot for the rest of the children of  by their families; for the children of , and for the children of , and for the children of Asriel, and for the children of , and for the children of , and for the children of Shemida: these were the male children of  the son of  by their families.

 But , the son of , the son of , the son of , the son of , had no sons, but daughters: and these are the names of his daughters, , and , , Milcah, and Tirzah.

 And they came near before  the , and before  the son of , and before the princes, saying, The LORD commanded  to give us an inheritance among our brethren. Therefore according to the commandment of the LORD he gave them an inheritance among the brethren of their father.

 And there fell ten portions to , beside the land of  and , which were on the other side ;

 Because the daughters of  had an inheritance among his sons: and the rest of Manasseh's sons had the land of .

 And the coast of  was from  to , that lieth before ; and the border went along on the right hand unto the inhabitants of Entappuah.

 Now  had the land of : but  on the border of  belonged to the children of ;

 And the coast descended unto the river , southward of the river: these cities of  are among the cities of : the coast of  also was on the north side of the river, and the outgoings of it were at the sea:

 Southward it was Ephraim's, and  it was Manasseh's, and the sea is his border; and they met together in  on the north, and in  on the .

 And  had in  and in  Bethshean and her towns, and  and her towns, and the inhabitants of  and her towns, and the inhabitants of  and her towns, and the inhabitants of  and her towns, and the inhabitants of  and her towns, even three countries.

 Yet the children of  could not drive out the inhabitants of those cities; but the  would dwell in that land.

 Yet it came to pass, when the children of  were waxen strong, that they put the  to , but did not utterly drive them out.

 And the children of  spake unto , saying, Why hast thou given me but one lot and one portion to inherit, seeing I am a great people, forasmuch as the LORD hath blessed me hitherto?

 And  answered them, If thou be a great people, then get thee up to the  country, and cut down for thyself there in the land of the  and of the , if   be too narrow for thee.

 And the children of  said, The hill is not enough for us: and all the  that dwell in the land of the  have chariots of , both they who are of Bethshean and her towns, and they who are of the  of .

 And  spake unto the house of , even to  and to , saying, Thou art a great people, and hast great power: thou shalt not have one lot only:

 But the mountain shall be thine; for it is a , and thou shalt cut it down: and the outgoings of it shall be thine: for thou shalt drive out the , though they have  chariots, and though they be strong.
