King James Version: Joshua: Joshua Chapter
King James Version: Joshua Chapter
Now  was old and stricken in years; and the LORD said unto him, Thou art old and stricken in years, and there remaineth yet very much land to be possessed.

 This is the land that yet remaineth: all the borders of the , and all Geshuri,

 From , which is before , even unto the borders of  , which is counted to the : five lords of the ; the Gazathites, and the Ashdothites, the Eshkalonites, the Gittites, and the Ekronites; also the Avites:

 From the south, all the land of the , and  that is beside the Sidonians unto Aphek, to the borders of the :

 And the land of the Giblites, and all , toward the sunrising, from Baalgad under   unto the entering into .

 All the inhabitants of the hill country from  unto Misrephothmaim, and all the Sidonians, them will I drive out from before the children of : only divide thou it by lot unto the Israelites for an inheritance, as I have commanded thee.

 Now therefore divide this land for an inheritance unto the nine tribes, and the half  of ,

 With whom the Reubenites and the Gadites have received their inheritance, which  gave them, beyond  eastward, even as  the servant of the LORD gave them;

 From , that is upon the bank of the river , and the city that is in the midst of the river, and all the  of  unto ;

 And all the cities of   of the , which reigned in , unto the border of the children of ;

 And , and the border of the  and Maachathites, and all  , and all  unto ;

 All the kingdom of  in , which reigned in  and in , who remained of the remnant of the : for these did  smite, and cast them out.

 Nevertheless the children of  expelled not the , nor the Maachathites: but the  and the Maachathites dwell among the Israelites until this day.

 Only unto the tribes of  he gave none inheritance; the sacrifices of the LORD God of  made by fire are their inheritance, as he said unto them.

 And  gave unto the  of the children of  inheritance according to their families.

 And their coast was from , that is on the bank of the river , and the city that is in the midst of the river, and all the  by ;

 , and all her cities that are in the ; , and Bamothbaal, and Bethbaalmeon,

 And Jahaza, and , and ,

 And , and , and Zarethshahar in the  of the ,

 And Bethpeor, and Ashdothpisgah, and Bethjeshimoth,

 And all the cities of the , and all the kingdom of   of the , which reigned in , whom  smote with the princes of , Evi, and , and , and , and , which were dukes of , dwelling in the country.

  also the son of , the , did the children of  slay with the  among them that were slain by them.

 And the border of the children of  was , and the border thereof. This was the inheritance of the children of  after their families, the cities and the  thereof.

 And  gave inheritance unto the  of , even unto the children of  according to their families.

 And their coast was Jazer, and all the cities of , and half the land of the children of , unto  that is before ;

 And from  unto Ramathmizpeh, and Betonim; and from  unto the border of ;

 And in the , Betharam, and Bethnimrah, and , and Zaphon, the rest of the kingdom of   of ,  and his border, even unto the edge of the sea of  on the other side  eastward.

 This is the inheritance of the children of  after their families, the cities, and their .

 And  gave inheritance unto the half  of : and this was the possession of the half  of the children of  by their families.

 And their coast was from , all , all the kingdom of   of , and all the towns of , which are in , threescore cities:

 And half , and , and , cities of the kingdom of  in , were pertaining unto the children of  the son of , even to the one half of the children of  by their families.

 These are the countries which  did distribute for inheritance in the plains of , on the other side , by , eastward.

 But unto the  of   gave not any inheritance: the LORD God of  was their inheritance, as he said unto them.
