King James Version: Joshua: Joshua Chapter
King James Version: Joshua Chapter
And  gathered all the tribes of  to , and called for the elders of , and for their heads, and for their judges, and for their officers; and they presented themselves before God.

 And  said unto all the people, Thus saith the LORD God of , Your fathers dwelt on the other side of the  in old time, even , the father of , and the father of Nachor: and they served other gods.

 And I took your father  from the other side of the , and led him throughout all the land of , and multiplied his seed, and gave him .

 And I gave unto   and : and I gave unto   , to possess it; but  and his children went down into .

 I sent  also and , and I plagued , according to that which I did among them: and afterward I brought you out.

 And I brought your fathers out of : and ye came unto the sea; and the Egyptians pursued after your fathers with chariots and horsemen unto the Red sea.

 And when they cried unto the LORD, he put  between you and the Egyptians, and brought the sea upon them, and covered them; and your eyes have seen what I have done in : and ye dwelt in the  a long season.

 And I brought you into the land of the , which dwelt on the other side ; and they fought with you: and I gave them into your hand, that ye might possess their land; and I destroyed them from before you.

 Then  the son of ,  of , arose and warred against , and sent and called  the son of  to  you:

 But I would not hearken unto ; therefore he blessed you still: so I delivered you out of his hand.

 And you went over , and came unto : and the men of  fought against you, the , and the , and the , and the , and the Girgashites, the , and the ; and I delivered them into your hand.

 And I sent the  before you, which drave them out from before you, even the two kings of the ; but not with thy , nor with thy .

 And I have given you a land for which ye did not labour, and cities which ye built not, and ye dwell in them; of the vineyards and oliveyards which ye planted not do ye eat.

 Now therefore fear the LORD, and serve him in sincerity and in truth: and put away the gods which your fathers served on the other side of the , and in ; and serve ye the LORD.

 And if it seem evil unto you to serve the LORD, choose you this day whom ye will serve; whether the gods which your fathers served that were on the other side of the , or the gods of the , in whose land ye dwell: but as for me and my house, we will serve the LORD.

 And the people answered and said, God forbid that we should forsake the LORD, to serve other gods;

 For the LORD our God, he it is that brought us up and our fathers out of the land of , from the house of , and which did those great signs in our sight, and preserved us in all the way wherein we went, and among all the people through whom we passed:

 And the LORD drave out from before us all the people, even the  which dwelt in the land: therefore will we also serve the LORD; for he is our God.

 And  said unto the people, Ye cannot serve the LORD: for he is an holy God; he is a jealous God; he will not forgive your transgressions nor your sins.

 If ye forsake the LORD, and serve strange gods, then he will turn and do you hurt, and consume you, after that he hath done you good.

 And the people said unto , Nay; but we will serve the LORD.

 And  said unto the people, Ye are witnesses against yourselves that ye have  you the LORD, to serve him. And they said, We are witnesses.

 Now therefore put away, said he, the strange gods which are among you, and incline your heart unto the LORD God of .

 And the people said unto , The LORD our God will we serve, and his voice will we obey.

 So  made a  with the people that day, and set them a statute and an ordinance in .

 And  wrote these words in the book of the law of God, and took a great , and set it up there under an , that was by the  of the LORD.

 And  said unto all the people, Behold, this  shall be a  unto us; for it hath heard all the words of the LORD which he spake unto us: it shall be therefore a  unto you, lest ye deny your God.

 So  let the people depart, every man unto his inheritance.

 And it came to pass after these things, that  the son of , the servant of the LORD, died, being an hundred and ten years old.

 And they buried him in the border of his inheritance in Timnathserah, which is in  , on the north side of the hill of .

 And  served the LORD all the days of , and all the days of the elders that overlived , and which had known all the works of the LORD, that he had done for .

 And the bones of , which the children of  brought up out of , buried they in , in a parcel of ground which  bought of the sons of  the father of  for an hundred  of : and it became the inheritance of the children of .

 And  the son of  died; and they buried him in a hill that pertained to  his son, which was given him in  .
