King James Version: Joshua: Joshua Chapter
King James Version: Joshua Chapter
And the LORD said unto , Fear not, neither be thou dismayed: take all the people of war with thee, and arise, go up to : see, I have given into thy hand the  of , and his people, and his city, and his land:

 And thou shalt do to  and her  as thou didst unto  and her : only the spoil thereof, and the  thereof, shall ye take for a prey unto yourselves: lay thee an  for the city behind it.

 So  arose, and all the people of war, to go up against : and  chose out thirty thousand mighty men of valour, and sent them away by night.

 And he commanded them, saying, Behold, ye shall lie in wait against the city, even behind the city: go not very far from the city, but be ye all ready:

 And I, and all the people that are with me, will approach unto the city: and it shall come to pass, when they come out against us, as at the first, that we will flee before them,

 (For they will come out after us) till we have drawn them from the city; for they will say, They flee before us, as at the first: therefore we will flee before them.

 Then ye shall rise up from the , and seize upon the city: for the LORD your God will deliver it into your hand.

 And it shall be, when ye have taken the city, that ye shall set the city on fire: according to the commandment of the LORD shall ye do. See, I have commanded you.

  therefore sent them forth: and they went to lie in , and abode between  and , on the west side of : but  lodged that night among the people.

 And  rose up early in the morning, and numbered the people, and went up, he and the elders of , before the people to .

 And all the people, even the people of war that were with him, went up, and drew nigh, and came before the city, and pitched on the north side of : now there was a  between them and .

 And he took about five thousand men, and set them to lie in  between  and , on the west side of the city.

 And when they had set the people, even all the  that was on the north of the city, and their liers in wait on the west of the city,  went that night into the midst of the .

 And it came to pass, when the  of  saw it, that they hasted and rose up early, and the men of the city went out against  to battle, he and all his people, at a time appointed, before the ; but he wist not that there were liers in  against him behind the city.

 And  and all  made as if they were beaten before them, and fled by the way of the .

 And all the people that were in  were called together to pursue after them: and they pursued after , and were drawn away from the city.

 And there was not a man left in  or , that went not out after : and they left the city open, and pursued after .

 And the LORD said unto , Stretch out the spear that is in thy hand toward ; for I will give it into thine hand. And  stretched out the spear that he had in his hand toward the city.

 And the  arose quickly out of their place, and they ran as soon as he had stretched out his hand: and they entered into the city, and took it, and hasted and set the city on fire.

 And when the men of  looked behind them, they saw, and, behold, the smoke of the city ascended up to , and they had no power to flee this way or that way: and the people that fled to the  turned back upon the pursuers.

 And when  and all  saw that the  had taken the city, and that the smoke of the city ascended, then they turned again, and slew the men of .

 And the other issued out of the city against them; so they were in the midst of , some on this side, and some on that side: and they smote them, so that they let none of them remain or escape.

 And the  of  they took alive, and brought him to .

 And it came to pass, when  had made an end of slaying all the inhabitants of  in the field, in the  wherein they chased them, and when they were all fallen on the edge of the , until they were consumed, that all the Israelites returned unto , and smote it with the edge of the .

 And so it was, that all that fell that day, both of men and women, were twelve thousand, even all the men of .

 For  drew not his hand back, wherewith he stretched out the spear, until he had utterly destroyed all the inhabitants of .

 Only the  and the spoil of that city  took for a prey unto themselves, according unto the word of the LORD which he commanded .

 And  burnt , and made it an  for ever, even a desolation unto this day.

 And the  of  he hanged on a tree until eventide: and as soon as the  was down,  commanded that they should take his  down from the tree, and cast it at the entering of the  of the city, and raise thereon a great  of stones, that remaineth unto this day.

 Then  built an  unto the LORD God of  in  ,

 As  the servant of the LORD commanded the children of , as it is written in the book of the law of , an  of whole stones, over which no man hath lift up any : and they offered thereon burnt offerings unto the LORD, and sacrificed peace offerings.

 And he wrote there upon the stones a copy of the law of , which he wrote in the presence of the children of .

 And all , and their elders, and officers, and their judges, stood on this side the  and on that side before the priests the Levites, which bare the  of the  of the LORD, as well the , as he that was born among them; half of them over against  , and half of them over against  ; as  the servant of the LORD had commanded before, that they should  the people of .

 And afterward he read all the words of the law, the blessings and cursings, according to all that is written in the book of the law.

 There was not a word of all that  commanded, which  read not before all the  of , with the women, and the little ones, and the strangers that were conversant among them.
