King James Version: Joshua: Joshua Chapter
King James Version: Joshua Chapter
But the children of  committed a trespass in the accursed thing: for , the son of , the son of , the son of , of the  of , took of the accursed thing: and the  of the LORD was kindled against the children of .

 And  sent men from  to , which is beside Bethaven, on the  of , and spake unto them, saying, Go up and view the country. And the men went up and viewed .

 And they returned to , and said unto him, Let not all the people go up; but let about two or three thousand men go up and smite ; and make not all the people to labour thither; for they are but few.

 So there went up thither of the people about three thousand men: and they fled before the men of .

 And the men of  smote of them about thirty and six men: for they chased them from before the  even unto , and smote them in the going down: wherefore the hearts of the people melted, and became as water.

 And   his clothes, and fell to the earth upon his face before the  of the LORD until the eventide, he and the elders of , and put  upon their heads.

 And  said, Alas, O LORD God, wherefore hast thou at all brought this people over , to deliver us into the hand of the , to destroy us? would to God we had been content, and dwelt on the other side !

 O LORD, what shall I say, when  turneth their backs before their enemies!

 For the  and all the inhabitants of the land shall hear of it, and shall environ us round, and cut off our name from the earth: and what wilt thou do unto thy great name?

 And the LORD said unto , Get thee up; wherefore liest thou thus upon thy face?

  hath sinned, and they have also transgressed my  which I commanded them: for they have even taken of the accursed thing, and have also stolen, and dissembled also, and they have put it even among their own stuff.

 Therefore the children of  could not stand before their enemies, but turned their backs before their enemies, because they were accursed: neither will I be with you any more, except ye destroy the accursed from among you.

 Up, sanctify the people, and say, Sanctify yourselves against to morrow: for thus saith the LORD God of , There is an accursed thing in the midst of thee, O : thou canst not stand before thine enemies, until ye take away the accursed thing from among you.

 In the morning therefore ye shall be brought according to your tribes: and it shall be, that the  which the LORD taketh shall come according to the families thereof; and the family which the LORD shall take shall come by households; and the household which the LORD shall take shall come man by man.

 And it shall be, that he that is taken with the accursed thing shall be burnt with fire, he and all that he hath: because he hath transgressed the  of the LORD, and because he hath wrought folly in .

 So  rose up early in the morning, and brought  by their tribes; and the  of  was taken:

 And he brought the family of ; and he took the family of the Zarhites: and he brought the family of the Zarhites man by man; and  was taken:

 And he brought his household man by man; and , the son of , the son of , the son of , of the  of , was taken.

 And  said unto , My son, give, I pray thee,  to the LORD God of , and make  unto him; and tell me now what thou hast done; hide it not from me.

 And  answered , and said, Indeed I have sinned against the LORD God of , and thus and thus have I done:

 When I saw among the spoils a goodly Babylonish garment, and two hundred shekels of , and a wedge of  of fifty shekels weight, then I coveted them, and took them; and, behold, they are hid in the earth in the midst of my , and the  under it.

 So  sent messengers, and they ran unto the ; and, behold, it was hid in his , and the  under it.

 And they took them out of the midst of the , and brought them unto , and unto all the children of , and laid them out before the LORD.

 And , and all  with him, took  the son of , and the , and the garment, and the wedge of , and his sons, and his daughters, and his oxen, and his asses, and his , and his , and all that he had: and they brought them unto the  of .

 And  said, Why hast thou troubled us? the LORD shall trouble thee this day. And all  stoned him with stones, and burned them with fire, after they had stoned them with stones.

 And they raised over him a great  of stones unto this day. So the LORD turned from the fierceness of his . Wherefore the name of that place was called, The  of , unto this day.
