King James Version:
Kings (
Kings):
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
Now , captain of the  of the  of , was a great man with his master, and honourable, because by him the LORD had given deliverance unto : he was also a mighty man in valour, but he was a leper.

 And the Syrians had gone out by companies, and had brought away  out of the land of  a little maid; and she waited on Naaman's wife.

 And she said unto her mistress, Would God my lord were with the  that is in ! for he would recover him of his .

 And one went in, and told his lord, saying, Thus and thus said the maid that is of the land of .

 And the  of  said, Go to, go, and I will send a letter unto the  of . And he departed, and took with him ten talents of , and six thousand  of , and ten changes of raiment.

 And he brought the letter to the  of , saying, Now when this letter is come unto thee, behold, I have therewith sent  my servant to thee, that thou mayest recover him of his .

 And it came to pass, when the  of  had read the letter, that he  his clothes, and said, Am I God, to kill and to make alive, that this man doth send unto me to recover a man of his ? wherefore consider, I pray you, and see how he seeketh a quarrel against me.

 And it was so, when  the man of God had heard that the  of  had  his clothes, that he sent to the , saying, Wherefore hast thou  thy clothes? let him come now to me, and he shall know that there is a  in .

 So  came with his horses and with his , and stood at the door of the house of .

 And  sent a  unto him, saying, Go and wash in   times, and thy  shall come again to thee, and thou shalt be .

 But  was wroth, and went away, and said, Behold, I thought, He will surely come out to me, and stand, and call on the name of the LORD his God, and strike his hand over the place, and recover the leper.

 Are not  and , rivers of , better than all the waters of ? may I not wash in them, and be ? So he turned and went away in a rage.

 And his servants came near, and spake unto him, and said, My father, if the  had bid thee do some great thing, wouldest thou not have done it? how much rather then, when he saith to thee, Wash, and be ?

 Then went he down, and dipped himself  times in , according to the saying of the man of God: and his  came again like unto the  of a little child, and he was .

 And he returned to the man of God, he and all his company, and came, and stood before him: and he said, Behold, now I know that there is no God in all the earth, but in : now therefore, I pray thee, take a blessing of thy servant.

 But he said, As the LORD liveth, before whom I stand, I will receive none. And he urged him to take it; but he refused.

 And  said, Shall there not then, I pray thee, be given to thy servant two mules'  of earth? for thy servant will henceforth offer neither burnt  nor  unto other gods, but unto the LORD.

 In this thing the LORD  thy servant, that when my master goeth into the house of  to  there, and he leaneth on my hand, and I  myself in the house of : when I  down myself in the house of , the LORD  thy servant in this thing.

 And he said unto him, Go in peace. So he departed from him a little way.

 But , the servant of  the man of God, said, Behold, my master hath spared  this Syrian, in not receiving at his hands that which he brought: but, as the LORD liveth, I will run after him, and take somewhat of him.

 So  followed after . And when  saw him running after him, he lighted down from the  to meet him, and said, Is all well?

 And he said, All is well. My master hath sent me, saying, Behold, even now there be come to me from   two young men of the sons of the prophets: give them, I pray thee, a  of , and two changes of garments.

 And  said, Be content, take two talents. And he urged him, and bound two talents of  in two bags, with two changes of garments, and laid them upon two of his servants; and they bare them before him.

 And when he came to the tower, he took them from their hand, and bestowed them in the house: and he let the men go, and they departed.

 But he went in, and stood before his master. And  said unto him, Whence comest thou, ? And he said, Thy servant went no whither.

 And he said unto him, Went not mine heart with thee, when the man turned again from his  to meet thee? Is it a time to receive money, and to receive garments, and oliveyards, and vineyards, and , and oxen, and menservants, and maidservants?

 The  therefore of  shall cleave unto thee, and unto thy seed for ever. And he went out from his presence a leper as white as .
