King James Version:
Kings (
Kings):
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
Then spake  unto the woman, whose son he had restored to life, saying, Arise, and go thou and thine household, and sojourn wheresoever thou canst sojourn: for the LORD hath called for a ; and it shall also come upon the land  years.

 And the woman arose, and did after the saying of the man of God: and she went with her household, and sojourned in the land of the   years.

 And it came to pass at the  years' end, that the woman returned out of the land of the : and she went forth to cry unto the  for her house and for her land.

 And the  talked with  the servant of the man of God, saying, Tell me, I pray thee, all the great things that  hath done.

 And it came to pass, as he was telling the  how he had restored a dead body to life, that, behold, the woman, whose son he had restored to life, cried to the  for her house and for her land. And  said, My lord, O , this is the woman, and this is her son, whom  restored to life.

 And when the  asked the woman, she told him. So the  appointed unto her a certain officer, saying, Restore all that was hers, and all the fruits of the field since the day that she left the land, even until now.

 And  came to ; and Benhadad the  of  was sick; and it was told him, saying, The man of God is come hither.

 And the  said unto , Take a present in thine hand, and go, meet the man of God, and enquire of the LORD by him, saying, Shall I recover of this disease?

 So  went to meet him, and took a present with him, even of every good thing of , forty camels' , and came and stood before him, and said, Thy son Benhadad  of  hath sent me to thee, saying, Shall I recover of this disease?

 And  said unto him, Go, say unto him, Thou mayest certainly recover: howbeit the LORD hath shewed me that he shall surely die.

 And he settled his countenance stedfastly, until he was ashamed: and the man of God wept.

 And  said, Why weepeth my lord? And he answered, Because I know the evil that thou wilt do unto the children of : their strong holds wilt thou set on fire, and their young men wilt thou slay with the , and wilt dash their children, and rip up their women with child.

 And  said, But what, is thy servant a dog, that he should do this great thing? And  answered, The LORD hath shewed me that thou shalt be  over .

 So he departed from , and came to his master; who said to him, What said  to thee? And he answered, He told me that thou shouldest surely recover.

 And it came to pass on the morrow, that he took a thick cloth, and dipped it in water, and spread it on his face, so that he died: and  reigned in his stead.

 And in the fifth year of  the son of   of ,  being then  of ,  the son of Je hoshaphat  of  began to reign.

 Thirty and two years old was he when he began to reign; and he reigned eight years in .

 And he walked in the way of the kings of , as did the house of : for the daughter of  was his wife: and he did evil in the sight of the LORD.

 Yet the LORD would not destroy  for  his servant's sake, as he promised him to give him alway a light, and to his children.

 In his days  revolted from under the hand of , and made a  over themselves.

 So  went over to , and all the chariots with him: and he rose by night, and smote the Edomites which compassed him about, and the captains of the chariots: and the people fled into their tents.

 Yet  revolted from under the hand of  unto this day. Then  revolted at the same time.

 And the rest of the acts of , and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the  of the kings of ?

 And  slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of : and  his son reigned in his stead.

 In the twelfth year of  the son of   of  did  the son of   of  begin to reign.

 Two and twenty years old was  when he began to reign; and he reigned one year in . And his mother's name was , the daughter of   of .

 And he walked in the way of the house of , and did evil in the sight of the LORD, as did the house of : for he was the son in law of the house of .

 And he went with  the son of  to the war against   of  in Ramothgilead; and the Syrians wounded .

 And   went back to be healed in  of the wounds which the Syrians had given him at , when he fought against   of . And  the son of   of  went down to see  the son of  in , because he was sick.
