King James Version:
Kings (
Kings):
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
In those days was  sick unto death. And the   the son of  came to him, and said unto him, Thus saith the LORD, Set thine house in order; for thou shalt die, and not live.

 Then he turned his face to the wall, and prayed unto the LORD, saying,

 I beseech thee, O LORD, remember now how I have walked before thee in truth and with a perfect heart, and have done that which is good in thy sight. And  wept sore.

 And it came to pass, afore  was gone out into the middle court, that the word of the LORD came to him, saying,

 Turn again, and tell  the captain of my people, Thus saith the LORD, the God of  thy father, I have heard thy , I have seen thy tears: behold, I will heal thee: on the third day thou shalt go up unto the house of the LORD.

 And I will add unto thy days fifteen years; and I will deliver thee and this city out of the hand of the  of ; and I will defend this city for mine own sake, and for my servant David's sake.

 And  said, Take a lump of figs. And they took and laid it on the , and he recovered.

 And  said unto , What shall be the sign that the LORD will heal me, and that I shall go up into the house of the LORD the third day?

 And  said, This sign shalt thou have of the LORD, that the LORD will do the thing that he hath spoken: shall the  go forward ten degrees, or go back ten degrees?

 And  answered, It is a light thing for the  to go down ten degrees: nay, but let the  return backward ten degrees.

 And  the  cried unto the LORD: and he brought the  ten degrees backward, by which it had gone down in the  of .

 At that time Berodachbaladan, the son of ,  of , sent letters and a present unto : for he had heard that  had been sick.

 And  hearkened unto them, and shewed them all the house of his precious things, the , and the , and the , and the precious , and all the house of his , and all that was found in his treasures: there was nothing in his house, nor in all his dominion, that  shewed them not.

 Then came  the  unto  , and said unto him, What said these men? and from whence came they unto thee? And  said, They are come from a far country, even from .

 And he said, What have they seen in thine house? And  answered, All the things that are in mine house have they seen: there is nothing among my treasures that I have not shewed them.

 And  said unto , Hear the word of the LORD.

 Behold, the days come, that all that is in thine house, and that which thy fathers have laid up in store unto this day, shall be carried into : nothing shall be left, saith the LORD.

 And of thy sons that shall issue from thee, which thou shalt beget, shall they take away; and they shall be eunuchs in the  of the  of .

 Then said  unto , Good is the word of the LORD which thou hast spoken. And he said, Is it not good, if peace and truth be in my days?

 And the rest of the acts of , and all his might, and how he made a pool, and a , and brought water into the city, are they not written in the book of the  of the kings of ?

 And  slept with his fathers: and  his son reigned in his stead.
