King James Version:
Kings (
Kings):
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
Now  the son of  began to reign over  in  the eighteenth year of   of , and reigned twelve years.

 And he wrought evil in the sight of the LORD; but not like his father, and like his mother: for he put away the image of  that his father had made.

 Nevertheless he cleaved unto the sins of  the son of , which made  to ; he departed not therefrom.

 And   of  was a sheepmaster, and rendered unto the  of  an hundred thousand lambs, and an hundred thousand rams, with the .

 But it came to pass, when  was dead, that the  of  rebelled against the  of .

 And   went out of  the same time, and numbered all .

 And he went and sent to  the  of , saying, The  of  hath rebelled against me: wilt thou go with me against  to battle? And he said, I will go up: I am as thou art, my people as thy people, and my horses as thy horses.

 And he said, Which way shall we go up? And he answered, The way through the  of .

 So the  of  went, and the  of , and the  of : and they fetched a compass of  days' : and there was no water for the , and for the  that followed them.

 And the  of  said, Alas! that the LORD hath called these three kings together, to deliver them into the hand of !

 But  said, Is there not here a  of the LORD, that we may enquire of the LORD by him? And one of the  of Israel's servants answered and said, Here is  the son of , which poured water on the hands of .

 And  said, The word of the LORD is with him. So the  of  and  and the  of  went down to him.

 And  said unto the  of , What have I to do with thee?  get thee to the prophets of thy father, and to the prophets of thy mother. And the  of  said unto him, Nay: for the LORD hath called these three kings together, to deliver them into the hand of .

 And  said, As the LORD of hosts liveth, before whom I stand, surely, were it not that I regard the presence of  the  of , I would not look toward thee, nor see thee.

 But now bring me a . And it came to pass, when the  played, that the hand of the LORD came upon him.

 And he said, Thus saith the LORD, Make this  full of ditches.

 For thus saith the LORD, Ye shall not see wind, neither shall ye see ; yet that  shall be filled with water, that ye may , both ye, and your , and your beasts.

 And this is but a light thing in the sight of the LORD: he will deliver the Moabites also into your hand.

 And ye shall smite every fenced city, and every choice city, and shall fell every good tree, and stop all wells of water, and mar every good piece of land with stones.

 And it came to pass in the morning, when the meat  was offered, that, behold, there came water by the way of , and the country was filled with water.

 And when all the Moabites heard that the kings were come up to fight against them, they gathered all that were able to put on , and upward, and stood in the border.

 And they rose up early in the morning, and the  shone upon the water, and the Moabites saw the water on the other side as red as :

 And they said, This is : the kings are surely slain, and they have smitten one another: now therefore, , to the spoil.

 And when they came to the  of , the Israelites rose up and smote the Moabites, so that they fled before them: but they went forward smiting the Moabites, even in their country.

 And they beat down the cities, and on every good piece of land cast every man his , and filled it; and they stopped all the wells of water, and felled all the good trees: only in Kirharaseth left they the stones thereof; howbeit the slingers went about it, and smote it.

 And when the  of  saw that the battle was too sore for him, he took with him  hundred men that drew swords, to break through even unto the  of : but they could not.

 Then he took his eldest son that should have reigned in his stead, and offered him for a burnt  upon the wall. And there was great indignation against : and they departed from him, and returned to their own land.
