King James Version:
Kings (
Kings):
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
And  had seventy sons in . And  wrote letters, and sent to , unto the rulers of , to the elders, and to them that brought up Ahab's children, saying,

 Now as soon as this letter cometh to you, seeing your master's sons are with you, and there are with you chariots and horses, a fenced city also, and ;

 Look even out the best and meetest of your master's sons, and set him on his father's , and fight for your master's house.

 But they were exceedingly afraid, and said, Behold, two kings stood not before him: how then shall we stand?

 And he that was over the house, and he that was over the city, the elders also, and the bringers up of the children, sent to , saying, We are thy servants, and will do all that thou shalt bid us; we will not make any : do thou that which is good in thine eyes.

 Then he wrote a letter the second time to them, saying, If ye be mine, and if ye will hearken unto my voice, take ye the heads of the men your master's sons, and come to me to  by to morrow this time. Now the king's sons, being seventy persons, were with the great men of the city, which brought them up.

 And it came to pass, when the letter came to them, that they took the king's sons, and slew seventy persons, and put their heads in baskets, and sent him them to .

 And there came a , and told him, saying, They have brought the heads of the king's sons. And he said, Lay ye them in two heaps at the entering in of the  until the morning.

 And it came to pass in the morning, that he went out, and stood, and said to all the people, Ye be righteous: behold, I conspired against my master, and slew him: but who slew all these?

 Know now that there shall fall unto the earth nothing of the word of the LORD, which the LORD spake concerning the house of : for the LORD hath done that which he spake by his servant .

 So  slew all that remained of the house of  in , and all his great men, and his kinsfolks, and his priests, until he left him none remaining.

 And he arose and departed, and came to . And as he was at the shearing house in the way,

  met with the brethren of   of , and said, Who are ye? And they answered, We are the brethren of ; and we go down to salute the children of the  and the children of the .

 And he said, Take them alive. And they took them alive, and slew them at the  of the shearing house, even two and forty men; neither left he any of them.

 And when he was departed thence, he lighted on  the son of  coming to meet him: and he saluted him, and said to him, Is thine heart right, as my heart is with thy heart? And  answered, It is. If it be, give me thine hand. And he gave him his hand; and he took him up to him into the .

 And he said, Come with me, and see my  for the LORD. So they made him ride in his .

 And when he came to , he slew all that remained unto  in , till he had destroyed him, according to the saying of the LORD, which he spake to .

 And  gathered all the people together, and said unto them,  served  a little; but  shall serve him much.

 Now therefore call unto me all the prophets of , all his servants, and all his priests; let none be wanting: for I have a great  to do to ; whosoever shall be wanting, he shall not live. But  did it in subtilty, to the intent that he might destroy the worshippers of .

 And  said, Proclaim a solemn assembly for . And they proclaimed it.

 And  sent through all : and all the worshippers of  came, so that there was not a man left that came not. And they came into the house of ; and the house of  was full from one end to another.

 And he said unto him that was over the vestry, Bring forth vestments for all the worshippers of . And he brought them forth vestments.

 And  went, and  the son of , into the house of , and said unto the worshippers of , Search, and look that there be here with you none of the servants of the LORD, but the worshippers of  only.

 And when they went in to offer sacrifices and burnt offerings,  appointed fourscore men without, and said, If any of the men whom I have brought into your hands escape, he that letteth him go, his life shall be for the life of him.

 And it came to pass, as soon as he had made an end of  the burnt , that  said to the  and to the captains, Go in, and slay them; let none come forth. And they smote them with the edge of the ; and the  and the captains cast them out, and went to the city of the house of .

 And they brought forth the images out of the house of , and burned them.

 And they brake down the image of , and brake down the house of , and made it a draught house unto this day.

 Thus  destroyed  out of .

 Howbeit from the sins of  the son of , who made  to ,  departed not from after them, to wit, the golden calves that were in , and that were in .

 And the LORD said unto , Because thou hast done well in executing that which is right in mine eyes, and hast done unto the house of  according to all that was in mine heart, thy children of the fourth  shall sit on the  of .

 But  took no heed to walk in the law of the LORD God of  with all his heart: for he departed not from the sins of , which made  to .

 In those days the LORD began to cut  short: and  smote them in all the coasts of ;

 From  eastward, all the land of , the Gadites, and the Reubenites, and the Manassites, from , which is by the river , even  and .

 Now the rest of the acts of , and all that he did, and all his might, are they not written in the book of the  of the kings of ?

 And  slept with his fathers: and they buried him in . And  his son reigned in his stead.

 And the time that  reigned over  in  was twenty and eight years.
