King James Version:
Kings (
Kings):
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
was twelve years old when he began to reign, and reigned fifty and five years in . And his mother's name was .

 And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD, after the abominations of the , whom the LORD cast out before the children of .

 For he built up again the high places which  his father had destroyed; and he reared up altars for , and made a , as did   of ; and worshipped all the  of , and served them.

 And he built altars in the house of the LORD, of which the LORD said, In  will I put my name.

 And he built altars for all the  of  in the two courts of the house of the LORD.

 And he made his son pass through the fire, and observed times, and used , and dealt with familiar spirits and wizards: he wrought much wickedness in the sight of the LORD, to provoke him to .

 And he set a graven image of the  that he had made in the house, of which the LORD said to , and to  his son, In this house, and in , which I have  out of all tribes of , will I put my name for ever:

 Neither will I make the feet of  move any more out of the land which I gave their fathers; only if they will observe to do according to all that I have commanded them, and according to all the law that my servant  commanded them.

 But they hearkened not: and  seduced them to do more evil than did the nations whom the LORD destroyed before the children of .

 And the LORD spake by his servants the prophets, saying,

 Because   of  hath done these abominations, and hath done wickedly above all that the  did, which were before him, and hath made  also to  with his idols:

 Therefore thus saith the LORD God of , Behold, I am bringing such evil upon  and , that whosoever heareth of it, both his ears shall tingle.

 And I will stretch over  the line of , and the plummet of the house of : and I will wipe  as a man wipeth a , wiping it, and turning it upside down.

 And I will forsake the remnant of mine inheritance, and deliver them into the hand of their enemies; and they shall become a prey and a spoil to all their enemies;

 Because they have done that which was evil in my sight, and have provoked me to , since the day their fathers came forth out of , even unto this day.

 Moreover  shed innocent  very much, till he had filled  from one end to another; beside his  wherewith he made  to , in doing that which was evil in the sight of the LORD.

 Now the rest of the acts of , and all that he did, and his  that he sinned, are they not written in the book of the  of the kings of ?

 And  slept with his fathers, and was buried in the garden of his own house, in the garden of : and  his son reigned in his stead.

  was twenty and two years old when he began to reign, and he reigned two years in . And his mother's name was , the daughter of  of Jotbah.

 And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD, as his father  did.

 And he walked in all the way that his father walked in, and served the idols that his father served, and worshipped them:

 And he forsook the LORD God of his fathers, and walked not in the way of the LORD.

 And the servants of  conspired against him, and slew the  in his own house.

 And the people of the land slew all them that had conspired against  ; and the people of the land made  his son  in his stead.

 Now the rest of the acts of  which he did, are they not written in the book of the  of the kings of ?

 And he was buried in his  in the garden of : and  his son reigned in his stead.
