King James Version:
Kings (
Kings):
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
Then  said, Hear ye the word of the LORD; Thus saith the LORD, To morrow about this time shall a measure of fine  be sold for a , and two measures of  for a , in the  of .

 Then a lord on whose hand the  leaned answered the man of God, and said, Behold, if the LORD would make windows in , might this thing be?  And he said, Behold, thou shalt see it with thine eyes, but shalt not eat thereof.

 And there were four leprous men at the entering in of the : and they said one to another, Why sit we here until we die?

 If we say, We will enter into the city, then the  is in the city, and we shall die there: and if we sit still here, we die also. Now therefore come, and let us fall unto the  of the Syrians: if they save us alive, we shall live; and if they kill us, we shall but die.

 And they rose up in the twilight, to go unto the  of the Syrians: and when they were come to the uttermost part of the  of , behold, there was no man there.

 For the LORD had made the  of the Syrians to hear a noise of chariots, and a noise of horses, even the noise of a great : and they said one to another, Lo, the  of  hath hired against us the kings of the , and the kings of the Egyptians, to come upon us.

 Wherefore they arose and fled in the twilight, and left their tents, and their horses, and their asses, even the  as it was, and fled for their life.

 And when these lepers came to the uttermost part of the , they went into one , and did eat and , and carried thence , and , and raiment, and went and hid it; and came again, and entered into another , and carried thence also, and went and hid it.

 Then they said one to another, We do not well: this day is a day of good tidings, and we hold our peace: if we tarry till the morning light, some mischief will come upon us: now therefore come, that we may go and tell the king's household.

 So they came and called unto the  of the city: and they told them, saying, We came to the  of the Syrians, and, behold, there was no man there, neither voice of man, but horses tied, and asses tied, and the tents as they were.

 And he called the porters; and they told it to the king's house within.

 And the  arose in the night, and said unto his servants, I will now shew you what the Syrians have done to us. They know that we be hungry; therefore are they gone out of the  to hide themselves in the field, saying, When they come out of the city, we shall catch them alive, and get into the city.

 And one of his servants answered and said, Let some take, I pray thee, five of the horses that remain, which are left in the city, (behold, they are as all the multitude of  that are left in it: behold, I say, they are even as all the multitude of the Israelites that are consumed:) and let us send and see.

 They took therefore two  horses; and the  sent after the  of the Syrians, saying, Go and see.

 And they went after them unto : and, lo, all the way was full of garments and vessels, which the Syrians had cast away in their haste. And the messengers returned, and told the .

 And the people went out, and spoiled the tents of the Syrians. So a measure of fine  was sold for a , and two measures of  for a , according to the word of the LORD.

 And the  appointed the lord on whose hand he leaned to have the charge of the : and the people trode upon him in the , and he died, as the man of God had said, who spake when the  came down to him.

 And it came to pass as the man of God had spoken to the , saying, Two measures of  for a , and a measure of fine  for a , shall be to morrow about this time in the  of :

 And that lord answered the man of God, and said, Now, behold, if the LORD should make windows in , might such a thing be? And he said, Behold, thou shalt see it with thine eyes, but shalt not eat thereof.

 And so it fell out unto him: for the people trode upon him in the , and he died.
