King James Version:
Kings (
Kings):
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
And  the  called one of the children of the prophets, and said unto him, Gird up thy loins, and take this  of oil in thine hand, and go to Ramothgilead:

 And when thou comest thither, look out there  the son of  the son of , and go in, and make him arise up from among his brethren, and carry him to an inner ;

 Then take the  of oil, and pour it on his head, and say, Thus saith the LORD, I have anointed thee  over . Then open the door, and flee, and tarry not.

 So the young man, even the young man the , went to Ramothgilead.

 And when he came, behold, the captains of the  were ; and he said, I have an errand to thee, O captain. And  said, Unto which of all us? And he said, To thee, O captain.

 And he arose, and went into the house; and he poured the oil on his head, and said unto him, Thus saith the LORD God of , I have anointed thee  over the people of the LORD, even over .

 And thou shalt smite the house of  thy master, that I may avenge the  of my servants the prophets, and the  of all the servants of the LORD, at the hand of .

 For the whole house of  shall perish: and I will cut off from  him that pisseth against the wall, and him that is shut up and left in :

 And I will make the house of  like the house of  the son of , and like the house of  the son of :

 And the dogs shall eat  in the portion of , and there shall be none to bury her. And he opened the door, and fled.

 Then  came forth to the servants of his lord: and one said unto him, Is all well? wherefore came this mad fellow to thee? And he said unto them, Ye know the man, and his communication.

 And they said, It is false; tell us now. And he said, Thus and thus spake he to me, saying, Thus saith the LORD, I have anointed thee  over .

 Then they hasted, and took every man his garment, and put it under him on the top of the stairs, and blew with , saying,  is .

 So  the son of  the son of  conspired against . (Now  had kept Ramothgilead, he and all , because of   of .

 But   was returned to be healed in  of the wounds which the Syrians had given him, when he fought with   of .)  And  said, If it be your minds, then let none go forth nor escape out of the city to go to tell it in .

 So  rode in a , and went to ; for  lay there. And   of  was come down to see .

 And there stood a watchman on the tower in , and he spied the company of  as he came, and said, I see a company. And  said, Take an , and send to meet them, and let him say, Is it peace?

 So there went one on horseback to meet him, and said, Thus saith the , Is it peace? And  said, What hast thou to do with peace? turn thee behind me. And the watchman told, saying, The  came to them, but he cometh not again.

 Then he sent out a second on horseback, which came to them, and said, Thus saith the , Is it peace? And  answered, What hast thou to do with peace? turn thee behind me.

 And the watchman told, saying, He came even unto them, and cometh not again: and the driving is like the driving of  the son of ; for he driveth furiously.

 And  said, Make ready. And his  was made ready. And   of  and   of  went out, each in his , and they went out against , and met him in the portion of  the Jezreelite.

 And it came to pass, when  saw , that he said, Is it peace, ? And he answered, What peace, so long as the whoredoms of thy mother  and her witchcrafts are so many?

 And  turned his hands, and fled, and said to , There is treachery, O .

 And  drew a  with his full strength, and smote  between his arms, and the arrow went out at his heart, and he sunk down in his .

 Then said  to Bidkar his captain, Take up, and cast him in the portion of the field of  the Jezreelite: for remember how that, when I and thou rode together after  his father, the LORD laid this  upon him;

 Surely I have seen yesterday the  of , and the  of his sons, saith the LORD; and I will requite thee in this plat, saith the LORD. Now therefore take and cast him into the plat of ground, according to the word of the LORD.

 But when  the  of  saw this, he fled by the way of the garden house. And  followed after him, and said, Smite him also in the . And they did so at the going up to , which is by . And he fled to , and died there.

 And his servants carried him in a  to , and buried him in his  with his fathers in the city of .

 And in the eleventh year of  the son of  began  to reign over .

 And when  was come to ,  heard of it; and she painted her face, and tired her head, and looked out at a window.

 And as  entered in at the , she said, Had  peace, who slew his master?

 And he lifted up his face to the window, and said, Who is on my side?  who? And there looked out to him two or three eunuchs.

 And he said, Throw her down. So they threw her down: and some of her  was sprinkled on the wall, and on the horses: and he trode her under foot.

 And when he was come in, he did eat and , and said, Go, see now this cursed woman, and bury her: for she is a king's daughter.

 And they went to bury her: but they found no more of her than the skull, and the feet, and the palms of her hands.

 Wherefore they came again, and told him. And he said, This is the word of the LORD, which he spake by his servant  the , saying, In the portion of  shall dogs eat the  of :

 And the  of  shall be as  upon the face of the field in the portion of ; so that they shall not say, This is .
