King James Version:
Kings (
Kings):
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
In the second year of  son of   of  reigned  the son of   of .

 He was twenty and five years old when he began to reign, and reigned twenty and nine years in . And his mother's name was  of .

 And he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD, yet not like  his father: he did according to all things as  his father did.

 Howbeit the high places were not taken away: as yet the people did  and burnt  on the high places.

 And it came to pass, as soon as the kingdom was confirmed in his hand, that he slew his servants which had slain the  his father.

 But the children of the murderers he slew not: according unto that which is written in the book of the law of , wherein the LORD commanded, saying, The fathers shall not be put to death for the children, nor the children be put to death for the fathers; but every man shall be put to death for his own .

 He slew of  in the  of  ten thousand, and took  by war, and called the name of it  unto this day.

 Then  sent messengers to , the son of  son of ,  of , saying, Come, let us look one another in the face.

 And  the  of  sent to   of , saying, The  that was in  sent to the  that was in , saying, Give thy daughter to my son to wife: and there passed by a wild  that was in , and trode down the .

 Thou hast indeed smitten , and thine heart hath lifted thee up:  of this, and tarry at home: for why shouldest thou meddle to thy hurt, that thou shouldest fall, even thou, and  with thee?

 But  would not hear. Therefore   of  went up; and he and   of  looked one another in the face at Bethshemesh, which belongeth to .

 And  was put to the worse before ; and they fled every man to their tents.

 And   of  took   of , the son of  the son of , at Bethshemesh, and came to , and brake down the wall of  from the  of  unto the corner , four hundred cubits.

 And he took all the  and , and all the vessels that were found in the house of the LORD, and in the treasures of the king's house, and hostages, and returned to .

 Now the rest of the acts of  which he did, and his might, and how he fought with   of , are they not written in the book of the  of the kings of ?

 And  slept with his fathers, and was buried in  with the kings of ; and  his son reigned in his stead.

 And  the son of   of  lived after the death of  son of   of  fifteen years.

 And the rest of the acts of , are they not written in the book of the  of the kings of ?

 Now they made a conspiracy against him in : and he fled to ; but they sent after him to , and slew him there.

 And they brought him on horses: and he was buried at  with his fathers in the city of .

 And all the people of  took , which was sixteen years old, and made him  instead of his father .

 He built , and restored it to , after that the  slept with his fathers.

 In the fifteenth year of  the son of   of   the son of   of  began to reign in , and reigned forty and one years.

 And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD: he departed not from all the sins of  the son of , who made  to .

 He restored the coast of  from the entering of  unto the sea of the , according to the word of the LORD God of , which he spake by the hand of his servant , the son of , the , which was of Gathhepher.

 For the LORD saw the affliction of , that it was very : for there was not any shut up, nor any left, nor any helper for .

 And the LORD said not that he would  out the name of  from under : but he saved them by the hand of  the son of .

 Now the rest of the acts of , and all that he did, and his might, how he warred, and how he recovered , and , which belonged to , for , are they not written in the book of the  of the kings of ?

 And  slept with his fathers, even with the kings of ; and  his son reigned in his stead.
