King James Version:
Kings (
Kings):
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
In the twelfth year of   of  began  the son of  to reign in  over  nine years.

 And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD, but not as the kings of  that were before him.

 Against him came up Shalmaneser  of ; and  became his servant, and gave him presents.

 And the  of  found conspiracy in : for he had sent messengers to So  of , and brought no present to the  of , as he had done year by year: therefore the  of  shut him up, and bound him in .

 Then the  of  came up throughout all the land, and went up to , and besieged it three years.

 In the ninth year of  the  of  took , and carried  away into , and placed them in  and in  by the river of , and in the cities of the Medes.

 For so it was, that the children of  had sinned against the LORD their God, which had brought them up out of the land of , from under the hand of   of , and had feared other gods,

 And walked in the statutes of the , whom the LORD cast out from before the children of , and of the kings of , which they had made.

 And the children of  did secretly those things that were not right against the LORD their God, and they built them high places in all their cities, from the tower of the watchmen to the fenced city.

 And they set them up images and groves in every high hill, and under every green tree:

 And there they burnt  in all the high places, as did the  whom the LORD carried away before them; and wrought wicked things to provoke the LORD to :

 For they served idols, whereof the LORD had said unto them, Ye shall not do this thing.

 Yet the LORD testified against , and against , by all the prophets, and by all the seers, saying, Turn ye from your evil ways, and keep my commandments and my statutes, according to all the law which I commanded your fathers, and which I sent to you by my servants the prophets.

 Notwithstanding they would not hear, but hardened their necks, like to the  of their fathers, that did not believe in the LORD their God.

 And they rejected his statutes, and his  that he made with their fathers, and his testimonies which he testified against them; and they followed vanity, and became vain, and went after the  that were round about them, concerning whom the LORD had charged them, that they should not do like them.

 And they left all the commandments of the LORD their God, and made them molten images, even two calves, and made a , and worshipped all the  of , and served .

 And they caused their sons and their daughters to pass through the fire, and used  and , and sold themselves to do evil in the sight of the LORD, to provoke him to .

 Therefore the LORD was very angry with , and removed them out of his sight: there was none left but the  of  only.

 Also  kept not the commandments of the LORD their God, but walked in the statutes of  which they made.

 And the LORD rejected all the seed of , and afflicted them, and delivered them into the hand of spoilers, until he had cast them out of his sight.

 For he   from the house of ; and they made  the son of  : and  drave  from following the LORD, and made them  a great .

 For the children of  walked in all the sins of  which he did; they departed not from them;

 Until the LORD removed  out of his sight, as he had said by all his servants the prophets. So was  carried away out of their own land to  unto this day.

 And the  of  brought men from , and from , and from , and from , and from , and placed them in the cities of  instead of the children of : and they possessed , and dwelt in the cities thereof.

 And so it was at the beginning of their dwelling there, that they feared not the LORD: therefore the LORD sent  among them, which slew some of them.

 Wherefore they spake to the  of , saying, The nations which thou hast removed, and placed in the cities of , know not the manner of the God of the land: therefore he hath sent  among them, and, behold, they slay them, because they know not the manner of the God of the land.

 Then the  of  commanded, saying, Carry thither one of the priests whom ye brought from thence; and let them go and dwell there, and let him teach them the manner of the God of the land.

 Then one of the priests whom they had carried away from  came and dwelt in , and taught them how they should fear the LORD.

 Howbeit every nation made gods of their own, and put them in the houses of the high places which the  had made, every nation in their cities wherein they dwelt.

 And the men of  made Succothbenoth, and the men of Cuth made , and the men of  made Ashima,

 And the Avites made  and , and the Sepharvites burnt their children in fire to  and , the gods of .

 So they feared the LORD, and made unto themselves of the lowest of them priests of the high places, which sacrificed for them in the houses of the high places.

 They feared the LORD, and served their own gods, after the manner of the nations whom they carried away from thence.

 Unto this day they do after the former manners: they fear not the LORD, neither do they after their statutes, or after their ordinances, or after the law and commandment which the LORD commanded the children of , whom he named ;

 With whom the LORD had made a , and charged them, saying, Ye shall not fear other gods, nor  yourselves to them, nor serve them, nor  to them:

 But the LORD, who brought you up out of the land of  with great power and a stretched out arm, him shall ye fear, and him shall ye , and to him shall ye do .

 And the statutes, and the ordinances, and the law, and the commandment, which he wrote for you, ye shall observe to do for evermore; and ye shall not fear other gods.

 And the  that I have made with you ye shall not forget; neither shall ye fear other gods.

 But the LORD your God ye shall fear; and he shall deliver you out of the hand of all your enemies.

 Howbeit they did not hearken, but they did after their former manner.

 So these nations feared the LORD, and served their graven images, both their children, and their children's children: as did their fathers, so do they unto this day.
