King James Version:
Kings (
Kings):
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
In the seventeenth year of  the son of   the son of   of  began to reign.

 Twenty years old was  when he began to reign, and reigned sixteen years in , and did not that which was right in the sight of the LORD his God, like  his father.

 But he walked in the way of the kings of , yea, and made his son to pass through the fire, according to the abominations of the , whom the LORD cast out from before the children of .

 And he sacrificed and burnt  in the high places, and on the hills, and under every green tree.

 Then   of  and  son of   of  came up to  to war: and they besieged , but could not overcome him.

 At that time   of  recovered  to , and drave the Jews from : and the Syrians came to , and dwelt there unto this day.

 So  sent messengers to Tiglathpileser  of , saying, I am thy servant and thy son: come up, and save me out of the hand of the  of , and out of the hand of the  of , which rise up against me.

 And  took the  and  that was found in the house of the LORD, and in the treasures of the king's house, and sent it for a present to the  of .

 And the  of  hearkened unto him: for the  of  went up against , and took it, and carried the people of it  to , and slew .

 And   went to  to meet Tiglathpileser  of , and saw an  that was at : and   sent to  the  the fashion of the , and the pattern of it, according to all the workmanship thereof.

 And  the  built an  according to all that   had sent from : so  the  made it against   came from .

 And when the  was come from , the  saw the : and the  approached to the , and offered thereon.

 And he burnt his burnt  and his meat , and poured his  , and sprinkled the  of his peace offerings, upon the .

 And he brought also the brasen , which was before the LORD, from the forefront of the house, from between the  and the house of the LORD, and put it on the north side of the .

 And   commanded  the , saying, Upon the great  burn the morning burnt , and the evening meat , and the king's burnt , and his meat , with the burnt  of all the people of the land, and their meat , and their  offerings; and sprinkle upon it all the  of the burnt , and all the  of the : and the brasen  shall be for me to enquire by.

 Thus did  the , according to all that   commanded.

 And   cut off the borders of the bases, and removed the  from off them; and took down the sea from off the brasen oxen that were under it, and put it upon the  of stones.

 And the covert for the  that they had built in the house, and the king's entry without, turned he from the house of the LORD for the  of .

 Now the rest of the acts of  which he did, are they not written in the book of the  of the kings of ?

 And  slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of : and  his son reigned in his stead.
