King James Version:
Kings (
Kings):
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
In the three and twentieth year of  the son of   of   the son of  began to reign over  in , and reigned seventeen years.

 And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD, and followed the sins of  the son of , which made  to ; he departed not therefrom.

 And the  of the LORD was kindled against , and he delivered them into the hand of   of , and into the hand of Benhadad the son of , all their days.

 And  besought the LORD, and the LORD hearkened unto him: for he saw the oppression of , because the  of  oppressed them.

 (And the LORD gave  a , so that they went out from under the hand of the Syrians: and the children of  dwelt in their tents, as beforetime.

 Nevertheless they departed not from the sins of the house of , who made  , but walked therein: and there remained the  also in .)

 Neither did he leave of the people to  but fifty horsemen, and ten chariots, and ten thousand footmen; for the  of  had destroyed them, and had made them like the  by .

 Now the rest of the acts of , and all that he did, and his might, are they not written in the book of the  of the kings of ?

 And  slept with his fathers; and they buried him in : and  his son reigned in his stead.

 In the thirty and seventh year of   of  began  the son of  to reign over  in , and reigned sixteen years.

 And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD; he departed not from all the sins of  the son of , who made  : but he walked therein.

 And the rest of the acts of , and all that he did, and his might wherewith he fought against   of , are they not written in the book of the  of the kings of ?

 And  slept with his fathers; and  sat upon his : and  was buried in  with the kings of .

 Now  was fallen sick of his sickness whereof he died. And  the  of  came down unto him, and wept over his face, and said, O my father, my father, the  of , and the horsemen thereof.

 And  said unto him, Take  and . And he took unto him  and .

 And he said to the  of , Put thine hand upon the . And he put his hand upon it: and  put his hands upon the king's hands.

 And he said, Open the window eastward. And he opened it. Then  said, Shoot. And he shot. And he said, The arrow of the LORD's deliverance, and the arrow of deliverance from : for thou shalt smite the Syrians in Aphek, till thou have consumed them.

 And he said, Take the . And he took them. And he said unto the  of , Smite upon the ground. And he smote thrice, and stayed.

 And the man of God was wroth with him, and said, Thou shouldest have smitten five or six times; then hadst thou smitten  till thou hadst consumed it: whereas now thou shalt smite  but thrice.

 And  died, and they buried him. And the  of the Moabites invaded the land at the coming in of the year.

 And it came to pass, as they were burying a man, that, behold, they spied a band of men; and they cast the man into the  of : and when the man was let down, and touched the bones of , he revived, and stood up on his feet.

 But   of  oppressed  all the days of .

 And the LORD was gracious unto them, and had compassion on them, and had respect unto them, because of his  with , , and , and would not destroy them, neither cast he them from his presence as yet.

 So   of  died; and Benhadad his son reigned in his stead.

 And  the son of  took again out of the hand of Benhadad the son of  the cities, which he had taken out of the hand of  his father by war. Three times did  beat him, and recovered the cities of .
