King James Version:
Kings (
Kings):
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
In his days   of  came up, and  became his servant three years: then he turned and rebelled against him.

 And the LORD sent against him  of the , and  of the Syrians, and  of the Moabites, and  of the children of , and sent them against  to destroy it, according to the word of the LORD, which he spake by his servants the prophets.

 Surely at the commandment of the LORD came this upon , to remove them out of his sight, for the sins of , according to all that he did;

 And also for the innocent  that he shed: for he filled  with innocent ; which the LORD would not .

 Now the rest of the acts of , and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the  of the kings of ?

 So  slept with his fathers: and  his son reigned in his stead.

 And the  of  came not again any more out of his land: for the  of  had taken from the river of  unto the river  all that pertained to the  of .

  was eighteen years old when he began to reign, and he reigned in  three months. And his mother's name was , the daughter of  of .

 And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD, according to all that his father had done.

 At that time the servants of   of  came up against , and the city was besieged.

 And   of  came against the city, and his servants did besiege it.

 And  the  of  went out to the  of , he, and his mother, and his servants, and his princes, and his officers: and the  of  took him in the eighth year of his reign.

 And he carried out thence all the treasures of the house of the LORD, and the treasures of the king's house, and cut in  all the vessels of  which   of  had made in the  of the LORD, as the LORD had said.

 And he carried away all , and all the princes, and all the mighty men of valour, even ten thousand captives, and all the craftsmen and smiths: none remained, save the poorest sort of the people of the land.

 And he carried away  to , and the king's mother, and the king's wives, and his officers, and the mighty of the land, those carried he into  from  to .

 And all the men of might, even  thousand, and craftsmen and smiths a thousand, all that were strong and apt for war, even them the  of  brought  to .

 And the  of  made  his father's brother  in his stead, and changed his name to .

  was twenty and one years old when he began to reign, and he reigned eleven years in . And his mother's name was , the daughter of  of .

 And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD, according to all that  had done.

 For through the  of the LORD it came to pass in  and , until he had cast them out from his presence, that  rebelled against the  of .
