King James Version:
Kings (
Kings):
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
And it came to pass, when the LORD would take up  into  by a whirlwind, that  went with  from .

 And  said unto , Tarry here, I pray thee; for the LORD hath sent me to . And  said unto him, As the LORD liveth, and as thy soul liveth, I will not leave thee. So they went down to .

 And the sons of the prophets that were at  came forth to , and said unto him, Knowest thou that the LORD will take away thy master from thy head to day? And he said, Yea, I know it; hold ye your peace.

 And  said unto him, , tarry here, I pray thee; for the LORD hath sent me to . And he said, As the LORD liveth, and as thy soul liveth, I will not leave thee. So they came to .

 And the sons of the prophets that were at  came to , and said unto him, Knowest thou that the LORD will take away thy master from thy head to day? And he answered, Yea, I know it; hold ye your peace.

 And  said unto him, Tarry, I pray thee, here; for the LORD hath sent me to . And he said, As the LORD liveth, and as thy soul liveth, I will not leave thee. And they two went on.

 And fifty men of the sons of the prophets went, and stood to view afar off: and they two stood by .

 And  took his , and wrapped it together, and smote the waters, and they were divided hither and thither, so that they two went over on dry ground.

 And it came to pass, when they were gone over, that  said unto , Ask what I shall do for thee, before I be taken away from thee. And  said, I pray thee, let a double portion of thy  be upon me.

 And he said, Thou hast asked a hard thing: nevertheless, if thou see me when I am taken from thee, it shall be so unto thee; but if not, it shall not be so.

 And it came to pass, as they still went on, and talked, that, behold, there appeared a  of fire, and horses of fire, and parted them both asunder; and  went up by a whirlwind into .

 And  saw it, and he cried, My father, my father, the  of , and the horsemen thereof. And he saw him no more: and he took hold of his own clothes, and  them in two .

 He took up also the  of  that fell from him, and went back, and stood by the bank of ;

 And he took the  of  that fell from him, and smote the waters, and said, Where is the LORD God of ? and when he also had smitten the waters, they parted hither and thither: and  went over.

 And when the sons of the prophets which were to view at  saw him, they said, The  of  doth rest on . And they came to meet him, and bowed themselves to the ground before him.

 And they said unto him, Behold now, there be with thy servants fifty strong men; let them go, we pray thee, and seek thy master: lest peradventure the  of the LORD hath taken him up, and cast him upon some mountain, or into some . And he said, Ye shall not send.

 And when they urged him till he was ashamed, he said, Send. They sent therefore fifty men; and they sought three days, but found him not.

 And when they came again to him, (for he tarried at ,) he said unto them, Did I not say unto you, Go not?

 And the men of the city said unto , Behold, I pray thee, the situation of this city is pleasant, as my lord seeth: but the water is naught, and the ground .

 And he said, Bring me a new , and put  therein. And they brought it to him.

 And he went forth unto the spring of the waters, and cast the  in there, and said, Thus saith the LORD, I have healed these waters; there shall not be from thence any more death or  land.

 So the waters were healed unto this day, according to the saying of  which he spake.

 And he went up from thence unto : and as he was going up by the way, there came forth little children out of the city, and mocked him, and said unto him, Go up, thou bald head; go up, thou bald head.

 And he turned back, and looked on them, and cursed them in the name of the LORD. And there came forth two she bears out of the , and tare forty and two children of them.

 And he went from thence to  , and from thence he returned to .
