King James Version:
Kings (
Kings):
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
In the seventh year of   began to reign; and forty years reigned he in . And his mother's name was  of .

 And  did that which was right in the sight of the LORD all his days wherein  the  instructed him.

 But the high places were not taken away: the people still sacrificed and burnt  in the high places.

 And  said to the priests, All the money of the dedicated things that is brought into the house of the LORD, even the money of every one that passeth the account, the money that every man is set at, and all the money that cometh into any man's heart to bring into the house of the LORD,

 Let the priests take it to them, every man of his acquaintance: and let them repair the breaches of the house, wheresoever any  shall be found.

 But it was so, that in the three and twentieth year of   the priests had not repaired the breaches of the house.

 Then   called for  the , and the other priests, and said unto them, Why repair ye not the breaches of the house? now therefore receive no more money of your acquaintance, but deliver it for the breaches of the house.

 And the priests consented to receive no more money of the people, neither to repair the breaches of the house.

 But  the  took a , and bored a hole in the lid of it, and set it beside the , on the right side as one cometh into the house of the LORD: and the priests that kept the door put therein all the money that was brought into the house of the LORD.

 And it was so, when they saw that there was much money in the , that the king's scribe and the high  came up, and they put up in bags, and told the money that was found in the house of the LORD.

 And they gave the money, being told, into the hands of them that did the work, that had the oversight of the house of the LORD: and they laid it out to the carpenters and builders, that wrought upon the house of the LORD,

 And to masons, and hewers of , and to buy timber and hewed  to repair the breaches of the house of the LORD, and for all that was laid out for the house to repair it.

 Howbeit there were not made for the house of the LORD bowls of , snuffers, basons, , any vessels of , or vessels of , of the money that was brought into the house of the LORD:

 But they gave that to the workmen, and repaired therewith the house of the LORD.

 Moreover they reckoned not with the men, into whose hand they delivered the money to be bestowed on workmen: for they dealt faithfully.

 The trespass money and  money was not brought into the house of the LORD: it was the priests'.

 Then   of  went up, and fought against , and took it: and  set his face to go up to .

 And   of  took all the hallowed things that , and , and , his fathers, kings of , had dedicated, and his own hallowed things, and all the  that was found in the treasures of the house of the LORD, and in the king's house, and sent it to   of : and he went away from .

 And the rest of the acts of , and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the  of the kings of ?

 And his servants arose, and made a conspiracy, and slew  in the house of , which goeth down to .

 For  the son of Shimeath, and  the son of , his servants, smote him, and he died; and they buried him with his fathers in the city of : and  his son reigned in his stead.
