King James Version:
Kings (
Kings):
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
And it came to pass in the ninth year of his reign, in the tenth month, in the tenth day of the month, that   of  came, he, and all his , against , and pitched against it; and they built forts against it round about.

 And the city was besieged unto the eleventh year of  .

 And on the ninth day of the fourth month the  prevailed in the city, and there was no  for the people of the land.

 And the city was broken up, and all the men of war fled by night by the way of the  between two walls, which is by the king's garden: (now the  were against the city round about:) and the  went the way toward the .

 And the army of the  pursued after the , and overtook him in the plains of : and all his army were scattered from him.

 So they took the , and brought him up to the  of  to ; and they gave judgment upon him.

 And they slew the sons of  before his eyes, and put out the eyes of , and bound him with fetters of , and carried him to .

 And in the fifth month, on the seventh day of the month, which is the nineteenth year of    of , came , captain of the , a servant of the  of , unto :

 And he burnt the house of the LORD, and the king's house, and all the houses of , and every great man's house burnt he with fire.

 And all the army of the , that were with the captain of the , brake down the walls of  round about.

 Now the rest of the people that were left in the city, and the fugitives that fell away to the  of , with the remnant of the multitude, did  the captain of the  carry away.

 But the captain of the  left of the door of the  of the land to be vinedressers and husbandmen.

 And the pillars of  that were in the house of the LORD, and the bases, and the brasen sea that was in the house of the LORD, did the  break in , and carried the  of them to .

 And the pots, and the shovels, and the snuffers, and the spoons, and all the vessels of  wherewith they ministered, took they away.

 And the firepans, and the bowls, and such things as were of , in , and of , in , the captain of the  took away.

 The two pillars, one sea, and the bases which  had made for the house of the LORD; the  of all these vessels was without weight.

 The height of the one  was eighteen cubits, and the  upon it was : and the height of the  three cubits; and the wreathen work, and pomegranates upon the  round about, all of : and like unto these had the second  with wreathen work.

 And the captain of the  took  the chief , and  the second , and the three keepers of the door:

 And out of the city he took an officer that was set over the men of war, and five men of them that were in the king's presence, which were found in the city, and the principal scribe of the , which mustered the people of the land, and threescore men of the people of the land that were found in the city:

 And  captain of the  took these, and brought them to the  of  to :

 And the  of  smote them, and slew them at  in the land of . So  was carried away out of their land.

 And as for the people that remained in the land of , whom   of  had left, even over them he made  the son of , the son of , ruler.

 And when all the captains of the armies, they and their men, heard that the  of  had made  governor, there came to  to , even  the son of , and  the son of Careah, and  the son of  the Netophathite, and Jaazaniah the son of a Maachathite, they and their men.

 And  sware to them, and to their men, and said unto them, Fear not to be the servants of the : dwell in the land, and serve the  of ; and it shall be well with you.

 But it came to pass in the seventh month, that  the son of , the son of , of the seed royal, came, and ten men with him, and smote , that he died, and the Jews and the  that were with him at .

 And all the people, both small and great, and the captains of the armies, arose, and came to : for they were afraid of the .

 And it came to pass in the  and thirtieth year of the  of   of , in the twelfth month, on the  and twentieth day of the month, that Evilmerodach  of  in the year that he began to reign did lift up the head of   of  out of ;

 And he spake kindly to him, and set his  above the  of the kings that were with him in ;

 And changed his  garments: and he did eat  continually before him all the days of his life.

 And his allowance was a continual allowance given him of the , a daily rate for every day, all the days of his life.
