King James Version:
Kings (
Kings):
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
And the  sent, and they gathered unto him all the elders of  and of .

 And the  went up into the house of the LORD, and all the men of  and all the inhabitants of  with him, and the priests, and the prophets, and all the people, both small and great: and he read in their ears all the words of the book of the  which was found in the house of the LORD.

 And the  stood by a , and made a  before the LORD, to walk after the LORD, and to keep his commandments and his testimonies and his statutes with all their heart and all their soul, to perform the words of this  that were written in this book. And all the people stood to the .

 And the  commanded  the high , and the priests of the second order, and the keepers of the door, to bring forth out of the  of the LORD all the vessels that were made for , and for the , and for all the  of : and he burned them without  in the fields of , and carried the  of them unto .

 And he put down the idolatrous priests, whom the kings of  had ordained to burn  in the high places in the cities of , and in the places round about ; them also that burned  unto , to the , and to the , and to the planets, and to all the  of .

 And he brought out the  from the house of the LORD, without , unto the  , and burned it at the  , and stamped it small to powder, and cast the powder thereof upon the graves of the children of the people.

 And he brake down the houses of the , that were by the house of the LORD, where the women wove hangings for the .

 And he brought all the priests out of the cities of , and defiled the high places where the priests had burned , from  to , and brake down the high places of the gates that were in the entering in of the  of  the governor of the city, which were on a man's left hand at the  of the city.

 Nevertheless the priests of the high places came not up to the  of the LORD in , but they did eat of the unleavened  among their brethren.

 And he defiled Topheth, which is in the  of the children of , that no man might make his son or his daughter to pass through the fire to Molech.

 And he took away the horses that the kings of  had given to the , at the entering in of the house of the LORD, by the  of Nathanmelech the , which was in the , and burned the chariots of the  with fire.

 And the altars that were on the top of the upper  of , which the kings of  had made, and the altars which  had made in the two courts of the house of the LORD, did the  beat down, and brake them down from thence, and cast the  of them into the  .

 And the high places that were before , which were on the right hand of the  of corruption, which  the  of  had builded for  the  of the Zidonians, and for  the  of the Moabites, and for Milcom the  of the children of , did the  defile.

 And he brake in  the images, and cut down the groves, and filled their places with the bones of men.

 Moreover the  that was at , and the high place which  the son of , who made  to , had made, both that  and the high place he brake down, and burned the high place, and stamped it small to powder, and burned the .

 And as  turned himself, he spied the sepulchres that were there in the , and sent, and took the bones out of the sepulchres, and burned them upon the , and polluted it, according to the word of the LORD which the man of God proclaimed, who proclaimed these words.

 Then he said, What title is that that I see? And the men of the city told him, It is the  of the man of God, which came from , and proclaimed these things that thou hast done against the  of .

 And he said, Let him alone; let no man move his bones. So they let his bones alone, with the bones of the  that came out of .

 And all the houses also of the high places that were in the cities of , which the kings of  had made to provoke the Lord to ,  took away, and did to them according to all the acts that he had done in .

 And he slew all the priests of the high places that were there upon the altars, and burned men's bones upon them, and returned to .

 And the  commanded all the people, saying, Keep the  unto the LORD your God, as it is written in the book of this .

 Surely there was not holden such a  from the days of the judges that judged , nor in all the days of the kings of , nor of the kings of ;

 But in the eighteenth year of  , wherein this  was holden to the LORD in .

 Moreover the workers with familiar spirits, and the wizards, and the images, and the idols, and all the abominations that were spied in the land of  and in , did  put away, that he might perform the words of the law which were written in the book that  the  found in the house of the LORD.

 And like unto him was there no  before him, that turned to the LORD with all his heart, and with all his soul, and with all his might, according to all the law of ; neither after him arose there any like him.

 Notwithstanding the LORD turned not from the fierceness of his great wrath, wherewith his  was kindled against , because of all the provocations that  had provoked him withal.

 And the LORD said, I will remove  also out of my sight, as I have removed , and will cast off this city  which I have , and the house of which I said, My name shall be there.

 Now the rest of the acts of , and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the  of the kings of ?

 In his days Pharaohnechoh  of  went up against the  of  to the river : and   went against him; and he slew him at , when he had seen him.

 And his servants carried him in a  dead from , and brought him to , and buried him in his own . And the people of the land took  the son of , and anointed him, and made him  in his father's stead.

  was twenty and three years old when he began to reign; and he reigned three months in . And his mother's name was , the daughter of  of .

 And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD, according to all that his fathers had done.

 And Pharaohnechoh put him in  at  in the land of , that he might not reign in ; and put the land to a  of an hundred talents of , and a  of .

 And Pharaohnechoh made  the son of   in the room of  his father, and turned his name to , and took  away: and he came to , and died there.

 And  gave the  and the  to ; but he taxed the land to give the money according to the commandment of : he exacted the  and the  of the people of the land, of every one according to his taxation, to give it unto Pharaohnechoh.

  was twenty and five years old when he began to reign; and he reigned eleven years in . And his mother's name was , the daughter of  of .

 And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD, according to all that his fathers had done.
