King James Version:
Kings (
Kings):
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
And it came to pass, when   heard it, that he  his clothes, and covered himself with , and went into the house of the LORD.

 And he sent , which was over the household, and  the scribe, and the elders of the priests, covered with , to  the  the son of .

 And they said unto him, Thus saith , This day is a day of trouble, and of rebuke, and ; for the children are come to the , and there is not strength to bring forth.

 It may be the LORD thy God will hear all the words of , whom the  of  his master hath sent to reproach the living God; and will reprove the words which the LORD thy God hath heard: wherefore lift up thy  for the remnant that are left.

 So the servants of   came to .

 And  said unto them, Thus shall ye say to your master, Thus saith the LORD, Be not afraid of the words which thou hast heard, with which the servants of the  of  have blasphemed me.

 Behold, I will send a blast upon him, and he shall hear a rumour, and shall return to his own land; and I will cause him to fall by the  in his own land.

 So  returned, and found the  of  warring against : for he had heard that he was departed from .

 And when he heard say of   of , Behold, he is come out to fight against thee: he sent messengers again unto , saying,

 Thus shall ye speak to   of , saying, Let not thy God in whom thou trustest deceive thee, saying,  shall not be delivered into the hand of the  of .

 Behold, thou hast heard what the kings of  have done to all lands, by destroying them utterly: and shalt thou be delivered?

 Have the gods of the nations delivered them which my fathers have destroyed; as , and , and , and the children of  which were in Thelasar?

 Where is the  of , and the  of , and the  of the city of , of , and ?

 And  received the letter of the hand of the messengers, and read it: and  went up into the house of the LORD, and spread it before the LORD.

 And  prayed before the LORD, and said, O LORD God of , which dwellest between the cherubims, thou art the God, even thou alone, of all the kingdoms of the earth; thou hast made  and earth.

 LORD,  down thine , and hear: open, LORD, thine eyes, and see: and hear the words of , which hath sent him to reproach the living God.

 Of a truth, LORD, the kings of  have destroyed the nations and their lands,

 And have cast their gods into the fire: for they were no gods, but the work of men's hands,  and : therefore they have destroyed them.

 Now therefore, O LORD our God, I beseech thee, save thou us out of his hand, that all the kingdoms of the earth may know that thou art the LORD God, even thou only.

 Then  the son of  sent to , saying, Thus saith the LORD God of , That which thou hast prayed to me against   of  I have heard.

 This is the word that the LORD hath spoken concerning him; The  the daughter of  hath despised thee, and laughed thee to scorn; the daughter of  hath shaken her head at thee.

 Whom hast thou reproached and blasphemed? and against whom hast thou exalted thy voice, and lifted up thine eyes on high? even against the Holy One of .

 By thy messengers thou hast reproached the LORD, and hast said, With the multitude of my chariots I am come up to the height of the mountains, to the sides of , and will cut down the tall  trees thereof, and the choice  trees thereof: and I will enter into the lodgings of his borders, and into the  of his .

 I have digged and  strange waters, and with the sole of my feet have I dried up all the rivers of besieged places.

 Hast thou not heard long ago how I have done it, and of ancient times that I have formed it? now have I brought it to pass, that thou shouldest be to lay waste fenced cities into ruinous heaps.

 Therefore their inhabitants were of small power, they were dismayed and confounded; they were as the  of the field, and as the green , as the  on the house tops, and as  blasted before it be grown up.

 But I know thy abode, and thy going out, and thy coming in, and thy rage against me.

 Because thy rage against me and thy tumult is come up into mine ears, therefore I will put my  in thy nose, and my  in thy lips, and I will turn thee back by the way by which thou camest.

 And this shall be a sign unto thee, Ye shall eat this year such things as grow of themselves, and in the second year that which springeth of the same; and in the third year sow ye, and reap, and plant vineyards, and eat the fruits thereof.

 And the remnant that is escaped of the house of  shall yet again take root downward, and bear  upward.

 For out of  shall go forth a remnant, and they that escape out of  : the  of the LORD of hosts shall do this.

 Therefore thus saith the LORD concerning the  of , He shall not come into this city, nor shoot an arrow there, nor come before it with , nor cast a bank against it.

 By the way that he came, by the same shall he return, and shall not come into this city, saith the LORD.

 For I will defend this city, to save it, for mine own sake, and for my servant David's sake.

 And it came to pass that night, that the  of the LORD went out, and smote in the  of the Assyrians an hundred fourscore and five thousand: and when they arose early in the morning, behold, they were all dead corpses.

 So   of  departed, and went and returned, and dwelt at .

 And it came to pass, as he was worshipping in the house of  his god, that  and  his sons smote him with the : and they escaped into the land of . And  his son reigned in his stead.
