King James Version:
Kings (
Kings):
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
was eight years old when he began to reign, and he reigned thirty and one years in . And his mother's name was Jedidah, the daughter of Adaiah of Boscath.

 And he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD, and walked in all the way of  his father, and turned not aside to the right hand or to the left.

 And it came to pass in the eighteenth year of  , that the  sent  the son of Azaliah, the son of , the scribe, to the house of the LORD, saying,

 Go up to  the high , that he may sum the  which is brought into the house of the LORD, which the keepers of the door have gathered of the people:

 And let them deliver it into the hand of the doers of the work, that have the oversight of the house of the LORD: and let them give it to the doers of the work which is in the house of the LORD, to repair the breaches of the house,

 Unto carpenters, and builders, and masons, and to buy timber and hewn  to repair the house.

 Howbeit there was no reckoning made with them of the money that was delivered into their hand, because they dealt faithfully.

 And  the high  said unto  the scribe, I have found the book of the law in the house of the LORD. And  gave the book to , and he read it.

 And  the scribe came to the , and brought the  word again, and said, Thy servants have gathered the money that was found in the house, and have delivered it into the hand of them that do the work, that have the oversight of the house of the LORD.

 And  the scribe shewed the , saying,  the  hath delivered me a book. And  read it before the .

 And it came to pass, when the  had heard the words of the book of the law, that he  his clothes.

 And the  commanded  the , and  the son of , and  the son of , and  the scribe, and Asahiah a servant of the king's, saying,

 Go ye, enquire of the LORD for me, and for the people, and for all , concerning the words of this book that is found: for great is the wrath of the LORD that is kindled against us, because our fathers have not hearkened unto the words of this book, to do according unto all that which is written concerning us.

 So  the , and , and , and , and Asahiah, went unto  the prophetess, the wife of  the son of Tikvah, the son of Harhas, keeper of the wardrobe; (now she dwelt in  in the college;) and they communed with her.

 And she said unto them, Thus saith the LORD God of , Tell the man that sent you to me,

 Thus saith the LORD, Behold, I will bring evil upon this place, and upon the inhabitants thereof, even all the words of the book which the  of  hath read:

 Because they have forsaken me, and have burned  unto other gods, that they might provoke me to  with all the works of their hands; therefore my wrath shall be kindled against this place, and shall not be quenched.

 But to the  of  which sent you to enquire of the LORD, thus shall ye say to him, Thus saith the LORD God of , As touching the words which thou hast heard;

 Because thine heart was tender, and thou hast humbled thyself before the LORD, when thou heardest what I spake against this place, and against the inhabitants thereof, that they should become a desolation and a , and hast  thy clothes, and wept before me; I also have heard thee, saith the LORD.

 Behold therefore, I will gather thee unto thy fathers, and thou shalt be gathered into thy  in peace; and thine eyes shall not see all the evil which I will bring upon this place. And they brought the  word again.
