King James Version:
Kings (
Kings):
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
Now it came to pass in the third year of  son of   of , that  the son of   of  began to reign.

 Twenty and five years old was he when he began to reign; and he reigned twenty and nine years in . His mother's name also was Abi, the daughter of .

 And he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD, according to all that  his father did.

 He removed the high places, and brake the images, and cut down the groves, and brake in  the brasen  that  had made: for unto those days the children of  did burn  to it: and he called it .

 He trusted in the LORD God of ; so that after him was none like him among all the kings of , nor any that were before him.

 For he clave to the LORD, and departed not from following him, but kept his commandments, which the LORD commanded .

 And the LORD was with him; and he prospered whithersoever he went forth: and he rebelled against the  of , and served him not.

 He smote the , even unto , and the borders thereof, from the tower of the watchmen to the fenced city.

 And it came to pass in the fourth year of  , which was the seventh year of  son of   of , that Shalmaneser  of  came up against , and besieged it.

 And at the end of three years they took it: even in the sixth year of , that is in the ninth year of   of ,  was taken.

 And the  of  did carry away  unto , and put them in  and in  by the river of , and in the cities of the Medes:

 Because they obeyed not the voice of the LORD their God, but transgressed his , and all that  the servant of the LORD commanded, and would not hear them, nor do them.

 Now in the fourteenth year of   did   of  come up against all the fenced cities of , and took them.

 And   of  sent to the  of  to , saying, I have offended; return from me: that which thou puttest on me will I bear. And the  of  appointed unto   of  three hundred talents of  and thirty talents of .

 And  gave him all the  that was found in the house of the LORD, and in the treasures of the king's house.

 At that time did  cut off the  from the  of the  of the LORD, and from the pillars which   of  had overlaid, and gave it to the  of .

 And the  of  sent  and  and  from  to   with a great  against . And they went up and came to . And when they were come up, they came and stood by the  of the upper pool, which is in the  of the fuller's field.

 And when they had called to the , there came out to them  the son of , which was over the household, and  the scribe, and  the son of  the .

 And  said unto them, Speak ye now to , Thus saith the great , the  of , What confidence is this wherein thou trustest?

 Thou sayest, (but they are but vain words,) I have counsel and strength for the war. Now on whom dost thou trust, that thou rebellest against me?

 Now, behold, thou trustest upon the staff of this bruised , even upon , on which if a man lean, it will go into his hand, and pierce it: so is   of  unto all that trust on him.

 But if ye say unto me, We trust in the LORD our God: is not that he, whose high places and whose altars  hath taken away, and hath said to  and , Ye shall  before this  in ?

 Now therefore, I pray thee, give pledges to my lord the  of , and I will deliver thee two thousand horses, if thou be able on thy part to set riders upon them.

 How then wilt thou turn away the face of one captain of the least of my master's servants, and put thy trust on  for chariots and for horsemen?

 Am I now come up without the LORD against this place to destroy it?  The LORD said to me, Go up against this land, and destroy it.

 Then said  the son of , and , and , unto , Speak, I pray thee, to thy servants in the Syrian language; for we understand it: and talk not with us in the Jews' language in the ears of the people that are on the wall.

 But  said unto them, Hath my master sent me to thy master, and to thee, to speak these words? hath he not sent me to the men which sit on the wall, that they may eat their own , and  their own piss with you?

 Then  stood and cried with a loud voice in the Jews' language, and spake, saying, Hear the word of the great , the  of :

 Thus saith the , Let not  deceive you: for he shall not be able to deliver you out of his hand:

 Neither let  make you trust in the LORD, saying, The LORD will surely deliver us, and this city shall not be delivered into the hand of the  of .

 Hearken not to : for thus saith the  of , Make an agreement with me by a present, and come out to me, and then eat ye every man of his own , and every one of his  tree, and  ye every one the waters of his :

 Until I come and take you away to a land like your own land, a land of  and , a land of  and vineyards, a land of oil  and of , that ye may live, and not die: and hearken not unto , when he persuadeth you, saying, The LORD will deliver us.

 Hath any of the gods of the nations delivered at all his land out of the hand of the  of ?

 Where are the gods of , and of ? where are the gods of , , and ? have they delivered  out of mine hand?

 Who are they among all the gods of the countries, that have delivered their country out of mine hand, that the LORD should deliver  out of mine hand?

 But the people held their peace, and answered him not a word: for the king's commandment was, saying, Answer him not.

 Then came  the son of , which was over the household, and  the scribe, and  the son of  the , to  with their clothes , and told him the words of .
