King James Version:
Kings (
Kings):
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
And the sons of the prophets said unto , Behold now, the place where we dwell with thee is too strait for us.

 Let us go, we pray thee, unto , and take thence every man a , and let us make us a place there, where we may dwell. And he answered, Go ye.

 And one said, Be content, I pray thee, and go with thy servants. And he answered, I will go.

 So he went with them. And when they came to , they cut down .

 But as one was felling a , the  head fell into the water: and he cried, and said, Alas, master! for it was borrowed.

 And the man of God said, Where fell it? And he shewed him the place. And he cut down a stick, and cast it in thither; and the  did swim.

 Therefore said he, Take it up to thee. And he put out his hand, and took it.

 Then the  of  warred against , and took counsel with his servants, saying, In such and such a place shall be my .

 And the man of God sent unto the  of , saying, Beware that thou pass not such a place; for thither the Syrians are come down.

 And the  of  sent to the place which the man of God told him and warned him of, and saved himself there, not once nor twice.

 Therefore the heart of the  of  was sore troubled for this thing; and he called his servants, and said unto them, Will ye not shew me which of us is for the  of ?

 And one of his servants said, None, my lord, O : but , the  that is in , telleth the  of  the words that thou speakest in thy bedchamber.

 And he said, Go and spy where he is, that I may send and fetch him. And it was told him, saying, Behold, he is in .

 Therefore sent he thither horses, and chariots, and a great : and they came by night, and compassed the city about.

 And when the servant of the man of God was risen early, and gone forth, behold, an  compassed the city both with horses and chariots. And his servant said unto him, Alas, my master! how shall we do?

 And he answered, Fear not: for they that be with us are more than they that be with them.

 And  prayed, and said, LORD, I pray thee, open his eyes, that he may see. And the LORD opened the eyes of the young man; and he saw: and, behold, the mountain was full of horses and chariots of fire round about .

 And when they came down to him,  prayed unto the LORD, and said, Smite this people, I pray thee, with blindness. And he smote them with blindness according to the word of .

 And  said unto them, This is not the way, neither is this the city: follow me, and I will bring you to the man whom ye seek. But he led them to .

 And it came to pass, when they were come into , that  said, LORD, open the eyes of these men, that they may see. And the LORD opened their eyes, and they saw; and, behold, they were in the midst of .

 And the  of  said unto , when he saw them, My father, shall I smite them? shall I smite them?

 And he answered, Thou shalt not smite them: wouldest thou smite those whom thou hast taken  with thy  and with thy ? set  and water before them, that they may eat and , and go to their master.

 And he prepared great provision for them: and when they had eaten and , he sent them away, and they went to their master. So the  of  came no more into the land of .

 And it came to pass after this, that Benhadad  of  gathered all his , and went up, and besieged .

 And there was a great  in : and, behold, they besieged it, until an ass's head was sold for fourscore  of , and the fourth part of a  of dove's  for five  of .

 And as the  of  was passing by upon the wall, there cried a woman unto him, saying, Help, my lord, O .

 And he said, If the LORD do not help thee, whence shall I help thee?  out of the barnfloor, or out of the winepress?

 And the  said unto her, What aileth thee? And she answered, This woman said unto me, Give thy son, that we may eat him to day, and we will eat my son to morrow.

 So we boiled my son, and did eat him: and I said unto her on the next day, Give thy son, that we may eat him: and she hath hid her son.

 And it came to pass, when the  heard the words of the woman, that he  his clothes; and he passed by upon the wall, and the people looked, and, behold, he had  within upon his .

 Then he said, God do so and more also to me, if the head of  the son of  shall stand on him this day.

 But  sat in his house, and the elders sat with him; and the  sent a man from before him: but ere the  came to him, he said to the elders, See ye how this son of a murderer hath sent to take away mine head? look, when the  cometh, shut the door, and hold him  at the door: is not the sound of his master's feet behind him?

 And while he yet talked with them, behold, the  came down unto him: and he said, Behold, this evil is of the LORD; what should I wait for the LORD any longer?
