King James Version:
Kings (
Kings):
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
In the twenty and seventh year of   of  began  son of   of  to reign.

 Sixteen years old was he when he began to reign, and he reigned two and fifty years in . And his mother's name was Jecholiah of .

 And he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD, according to all that his father  had done;

 Save that the high places were not removed: the people sacrificed and burnt  still on the high places.

 And the LORD smote the , so that he was a leper unto the day of his death, and dwelt in a several house. And  the king's son was over the house, judging the people of the land.

 And the rest of the acts of , and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the  of the kings of ?

 So  slept with his fathers; and they buried him with his fathers in the city of : and  his son reigned in his stead.

 In the thirty and eighth year of   of  did  the son of  reign over  in  six months.

 And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD, as his fathers had done: he departed not from the sins of  the son of , who made  to .

 And  the son of  conspired against him, and smote him before the people, and slew him, and reigned in his stead.

 And the rest of the acts of , behold, they are written in the book of the  of the kings of .

 This was the word of the LORD which he spake unto , saying, Thy sons shall sit on the  of  unto the fourth . And so it came to pass.

  the son of  began to reign in the nine and thirtieth year of   of ; and he reigned a full month in .

 For  the son of Gadi went up from Tirzah, and came to , and smote  the son of  in , and slew him, and reigned in his stead.

 And the rest of the acts of , and his conspiracy which he made, behold, they are written in the book of the  of the kings of .

 Then  smote , and all that were therein, and the coasts thereof from Tirzah: because they opened not to him, therefore he smote it; and all the women therein that were with child he ripped up.

 In the nine and thirtieth year of   of  began  the son of Gadi to reign over , and reigned ten years in .

 And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD: he departed not all his days from the sins of  the son of , who made  to .

 And  the  of  came against the land: and  gave  a thousand talents of , that his hand might be with him to confirm the kingdom in his hand.

 And  exacted the money of , even of all the mighty men of wealth, of each man fifty shekels of , to give to the  of . So the  of  turned back, and stayed not there in the land.

 And the rest of the acts of , and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the  of the kings of ?

 And  slept with his fathers; and  his son reigned in his stead.

 In the fiftieth year of   of   the son of  began to reign over  in , and reigned two years.

 And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD: he departed not from the sins of  the son of , who made  to .

 But  the son of , a captain of his, conspired against him, and smote him in , in the  of the king's house, with  and , and with him fifty men of the Gileadites: and he killed him, and reigned in his room.

 And the rest of the acts of , and all that he did, behold, they are written in the book of the  of the kings of .

 In the two and fiftieth year of   of   the son of  began to reign over  in , and reigned twenty years.

 And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD: he departed not from the sins of  the son of , who made  to .

 In the days of   of  came Tiglathpileser  of , and took , and Abelbethmaachah, and , and , and , and , and , all the land of , and carried them  to .

 And  the son of  made a conspiracy against  the son of , and smote him, and slew him, and reigned in his stead, in the twentieth year of  the son of .

 And the rest of the acts of , and all that he did, behold, they are written in the book of the  of the kings of .

 In the second year of  the son of   of  began  the son of   of  to reign.

 Five and twenty years old was he when he began to reign, and he reigned sixteen years in . And his mother's name was , the daughter of .

 And he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD: he did according to all that his father  had done.

 Howbeit the high places were not removed: the people sacrificed and burned  still in the high places. He built the higher  of the house of the LORD.

 Now the rest of the acts of , and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the  of the kings of ?

 In those days the LORD began to send against   the  of , and  the son of .

 And  slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of  his father: and  his son reigned in his stead.
