King James Version:
Kings (
Kings):
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
And when  the mother of  saw that her son was dead, she arose and destroyed all the seed royal.

 But , the daughter of  , sister of , took  the son of , and stole him from among the king's sons which were slain; and they hid him, even him and his nurse, in the bedchamber from , so that he was not slain.

 And he was with her hid in the house of the LORD six years. And  did reign over the land.

 And the seventh year  sent and fetched the rulers over hundreds, with the captains and the , and brought them to him into the house of the LORD, and made a  with them, and took an  of them in the house of the LORD, and shewed them the king's son.

 And he commanded them, saying, This is the thing that ye shall do; A third part of you that enter in on the  shall even be keepers of the watch of the king's house;

 And a third part shall be at the  of Sur; and a third part at the  behind the : so shall ye keep the watch of the house, that it be not broken down.

 And two parts of all you that go forth on the , even they shall keep the watch of the house of the LORD about the .

 And ye shall compass the  round about, every man with his weapons in his hand: and he that cometh within the , let him be slain: and be ye with the  as he goeth out and as he cometh in.

 And the captains over the hundreds did according to all things that  the  commanded: and they took every man his men that were to come in on the , with them that should go out on the , and came to  the .

 And to the captains over hundreds did the  give  David's spears and shields, that were in the  of the LORD.

 And the  stood, every man with his weapons in his hand, round about the , from the right corner of the  to the left corner of the , along by the  and the .

 And he brought forth the king's son, and put the  upon him, and gave him the ; and they made him , and anointed him; and they clapped their hands, and said, God save the .

 And when  heard the noise of the  and of the people, she came to the people into the  of the LORD.

 And when she looked, behold, the  stood by a , as the manner was, and the princes and the trumpeters by the , and all the people of the land rejoiced, and blew with : and   her clothes, and cried, Treason, Treason.

 But  the  commanded the captains of the hundreds, the officers of the , and said unto them, Have her forth without the : and him that followeth her kill with the . For the  had said, Let her not be slain in the house of the LORD.

 And they laid hands on her; and she went by the way by the which the horses came into the king's house: and there was she slain.

 And  made a  between the LORD and the  and the people, that they should be the LORD's people; between the  also and the people.

 And all the people of the land went into the house of , and brake it down; his altars and his images brake they in  thoroughly, and slew  the  of  before the altars. And the  appointed officers over the house of the LORD.

 And he took the rulers over hundreds, and the captains, and the , and all the people of the land; and they brought down the  from the house of the LORD, and came by the way of the  of the  to the king's house. And he sat on the  of the kings.

 And all the people of the land rejoiced, and the city was in quiet: and they slew  with the  beside the king's house.

  years old was  when he began to reign.
