King James Version: Daniel: Daniel Chapter
King James Version: Daniel Chapter
In the third year of the reign of   a  appeared unto me, even unto me , after that which appeared unto me at the first.

 And I saw in a ; and it came to pass, when I saw, that I was at  in the , which is in the province of ; and I saw in a , and I was by the river of .

 Then I lifted up mine eyes, and saw, and, behold, there stood before the river a  which had two horns: and the two horns were high; but one was higher than the other, and the higher came up last.

 I saw the  pushing , and , and southward; so that no beasts might stand before him, neither was there any that could deliver out of his hand; but he did according to his will, and became great.

 And as I was considering, behold, an he  came from the west on the face of the whole earth, and touched not the ground: and the  had a notable  between his eyes.

 And he came to the  that had two horns, which I had seen standing before the river, and ran unto him in the  of his power.

 And I saw him come close unto the , and he was moved with choler against him, and smote the , and brake his two horns: and there was no power in the  to stand before him, but he cast him down to the ground, and stamped upon him: and there was none that could deliver the  out of his hand.

 Therefore the he  waxed very great: and when he was strong, the great  was broken; and for it came up four notable ones toward the four  of .

 And out of one of them came forth a little , which waxed exceeding great, toward the south, and toward the , and toward the pleasant land.

 And it waxed great, even to the  of ; and it cast down some of the  and of the  to the ground, and stamped upon them.

 Yea, he magnified himself even to the  of the , and by him the daily  was taken away, and the place of the  was cast down.

 And an  was given him against the daily  by reason of transgression, and it cast down the truth to the ground; and it practised, and prospered.

 Then I heard one saint speaking, and another saint said unto that certain saint which spake, How long shall be the  concerning the daily , and the transgression of desolation, to give both the  and the  to be trodden under foot?

 And he said unto me, Unto two thousand and three hundred days; then shall the  be cleansed.

 And it came to pass, when I, even I , had seen the , and sought for the meaning, then, behold, there stood before me as the appearance of a man.

 And I heard a man's voice between the banks of , which called, and said, , make this man to understand the .

 So he came near where I stood: and when he came, I was afraid, and fell upon my face: but he said unto me, Understand, O son of man: for at the time of the end shall be the .

 Now as he was speaking with me, I was in a  sleep on my face toward the ground: but he touched me, and set me upright.

 And he said, Behold, I will make thee know what shall be in the last end of the indignation: for at the time appointed the end shall be.

 The  which thou sawest having two horns are the kings of  and .

 And the rough  is the  of Grecia: and the great  that is between his eyes is the first .

 Now that being broken, whereas four stood up for it, four kingdoms shall stand up out of the nation, but not in his power.

 And in the latter time of their kingdom, when the transgressors are come to the full, a  of fierce countenance, and understanding dark sentences, shall stand up.

 And his power shall be mighty, but not by his own power: and he shall destroy wonderfully, and shall prosper, and practise, and shall destroy the mighty and the holy people.

 And through his policy also he shall cause craft to prosper in his hand; and he shall magnify himself in his heart, and by peace shall destroy many: he shall also stand up against the  of princes; but he shall be broken without hand.

 And the  of the evening and the morning which was told is true: wherefore shut thou up the ; for it shall be for many days.

 And I  fainted, and was sick certain days; afterward I rose up, and did the king's business; and I was astonished at the , but none understood it.
