King James Version: Daniel: Daniel Chapter
King James Version: Daniel Chapter
the  made an image of , whose height was threescore cubits, and the breadth thereof six cubits: he set it up in the  of , in the province of .

 Then  the  sent to gather together the princes, the governors, and the captains, the judges, the treasurers, the counsellors, the , and all the rulers of the provinces, to come to the dedication of the image which  the  had set up.

 Then the princes, the governors, and captains, the judges, the treasurers, the counsellors, the , and all the rulers of the provinces, were gathered together unto the dedication of the image that  the  had set up; and they stood before the image that  had set up.

 Then an herald cried aloud, To you it is commanded, O people, nations, and languages,

 That at what time ye hear the sound of the , , , , , , and all kinds of musick, ye fall down and  the golden image that  the  hath set up:

 And whoso falleth not down and worshippeth shall the same hour be cast into the midst of a burning fiery .

 Therefore at that time, when all the people heard the sound of the , , , , , and all kinds of musick, all the people, the nations, and the languages, fell down and worshipped the golden image that  the  had set up.

 Wherefore at that time certain Chaldeans came near, and accused the Jews.

 They spake and said to the  , O , live for ever.

 Thou, O , hast made a decree, that every man that shall hear the sound of the , , , , , and , and all kinds of musick, shall fall down and  the golden image:

 And whoso falleth not down and worshippeth, that he should be cast into the midst of a burning fiery .

 There are certain Jews whom thou hast set over the affairs of the province of , , , and ; these men, O , have not regarded thee: they serve not thy gods, nor  the golden image which thou hast set up.

 Then  in his rage and  commanded to bring , , and . Then they brought these men before the .

  spake and said unto them, Is it true, O , , and , do not ye serve my gods, nor  the golden image which I have set up?

 Now if ye be ready that at what time ye hear the sound of the , , , , , and , and all kinds of musick, ye fall down and  the image which I have made; well: but if ye  not, ye shall be cast the same hour into the midst of a burning fiery ; and who is that God that shall deliver you out of my hands?

 , , and , answered and said to the , O , we are not careful to answer thee in this matter.

 If it be so, our God whom we serve is able to deliver us from the burning fiery , and he will deliver us out of thine hand, O .

 But if not, be it known unto thee, O , that we will not serve thy gods, nor  the golden image which thou hast set up.

 Then was  full of , and the form of his visage was changed against , , and : therefore he spake, and commanded that they should heat the  one  times more than it was wont to be heated.

 And he commanded the most mighty men that were in his army to bind , , and , and to cast them into the burning fiery .

 Then these men were bound in their coats, their hosen, and their hats, and their other garments, and were cast into the midst of the burning fiery .

 Therefore because the king's commandment was urgent, and the  exceeding hot, the flames of the fire slew those men that took up , , and .

 And these three men, , , and , fell down bound into the midst of the burning fiery .

 Then  the  was astonied, and rose up in haste, and spake, and said unto his counsellors, Did not we cast three men bound into the midst of the fire? They answered and said unto the , True, O .

 He answered and said, Lo, I see four men loose, walking in the midst of the fire, and they have no hurt; and the form of the fourth is like the Son of God.

 Then  came near to the mouth of the burning fiery , and spake, and said, , , and , ye servants of the most high God, come forth, and come hither. Then , , and , came forth of the midst of the fire.

 And the princes, governors, and captains, and the king's counsellors, being gathered together, saw these men, upon whose bodies the fire had no power, nor was an hair of their head singed, neither were their coats changed, nor the smell of fire had passed on them.

 Then  spake, and said, Blessed be the God of , , and , who hath sent his , and delivered his servants that trusted in him, and have changed the king's word, and yielded their bodies, that they might not serve nor  any god, except their own God.

 Therefore I make a decree, That every people, nation, and language, which speak any thing amiss against the God of , , and , shall be cut in , and their houses shall be made a dunghill: because there is no other God that can deliver after this sort.

 Then the  promoted , , and , in the province of .
