King James Version: Daniel: Daniel Chapter
King James Version: Daniel Chapter
In the third year of the reign of   of  came   of  unto , and besieged it.

 And the Lord gave   of  into his hand, with part of the vessels of the house of God: which he carried into the land of Shinar to the house of his god; and he brought the vessels into the treasure house of his god.

 And the  spake unto  the master of his eunuchs, that he should bring certain of the children of , and of the king's seed, and of the princes;

 Children in whom was no , but well favoured, and skilful in all wisdom, and cunning in knowledge, and understanding science, and such as had ability in them to stand in the king's , and whom they might teach the learning and the tongue of the Chaldeans.

 And the  appointed them a daily provision of the king's meat, and of the  which he drank: so nourishing them three years, that at the end thereof they might stand before the .

 Now among these were of the children of , , , , and :

 Unto whom the  of the eunuchs gave names: for he gave unto  the name of ; and to , of ; and to , of ; and to , of .

 But  purposed in his heart that he would not defile himself with the portion of the king's meat, nor with the  which he drank: therefore he requested of the  of the eunuchs that he might not defile himself.

 Now God had brought  into favour and tender love with the  of the eunuchs.

 And the  of the eunuchs said unto , I fear my lord the , who hath appointed your meat and your : for why should he see your faces worse liking than the children which are of your sort? then shall ye make me endanger my head to the .

 Then said  to , whom the  of the eunuchs had set over , , , and ,

 Prove thy servants, I beseech thee, ten days; and let them give us  to eat, and water to .

 Then let our countenances be looked upon before thee, and the countenance of the children that eat of the portion of the king's meat: and as thou seest, deal with thy servants.

 So he consented to them in this matter, and proved them ten days.

 And at the end of ten days their countenances appeared fairer and fatter in  than all the children which did eat the portion of the king's meat.

 Thus  took away the portion of their meat, and the  that they should ; and gave them .

 As for these four children, God gave them knowledge and skill in all learning and wisdom: and  had understanding in all visions and dreams.

 Now at the end of the days that the  had said he should bring them in, then the  of the eunuchs brought them in before .

 And the  communed with them; and among them all was found none like , , , and : therefore stood they before the .

 And in all matters of wisdom and understanding, that the  enquired of them, he found them ten times better than all the  and astrologers that were in all his realm.

 And  continued even unto the first year of  .
