King James Version: Daniel: Daniel Chapter
King James Version: Daniel Chapter
And in the second year of the reign of   dreamed dreams, wherewith his  was troubled, and his sleep brake from him.

 Then the  commanded to call the , and the astrologers, and the sorcerers, and the Chaldeans, for to shew the  his dreams. So they came and stood before the .

 And the  said unto them, I have dreamed a , and my  was troubled to know the .

 Then spake the Chaldeans to the  in Syriack, O , live for ever: tell thy servants the , and we will shew the interpretation.

 The  answered and said to the Chaldeans, The thing is gone from me: if ye will not make known unto me the , with the interpretation thereof, ye shall be cut in , and your houses shall be made a dunghill.

 But if ye shew the , and the interpretation thereof, ye shall receive of me gifts and rewards and great honour: therefore shew me the , and the interpretation thereof.

 They answered again and said, Let the  tell his servants the , and we will shew the interpretation of it.

 The  answered and said, I know of certainty that ye would gain the time, because ye see the thing is gone from me.

 But if ye will not make known unto me the , there is but one decree for you: for ye have prepared lying and corrupt words to speak before me, till the time be changed: therefore tell me the , and I shall know that ye can shew me the interpretation thereof.

 The Chaldeans answered before the , and said, There is not a man upon the earth that can shew the king's matter: therefore there is no , lord, nor ruler, that asked such things at any magician, or , or Chaldean.

 And it is a rare thing that the  requireth, and there is none other that can shew it before the , except the gods, whose dwelling is not with .

 For this cause the  was angry and very furious, and commanded to destroy all the  men of .

 And the decree went forth that the  men should be slain; and they sought  and his fellows to be slain.

 Then  answered with counsel and wisdom to  the captain of the king's , which was gone forth to slay the  men of :

 He answered and said to  the king's captain, Why is the decree so hasty from the ? Then  made the thing known to .

 Then  went in, and desired of the  that he would give him time, and that he would shew the  the interpretation.

 Then  went to his house, and made the thing known to , , and , his companions:

 That they would desire mercies of the God of  concerning this secret; that  and his fellows should not perish with the rest of the  men of .

 Then was the secret revealed unto  in a night . Then  blessed the God of .

  answered and said, Blessed be the name of God for ever and ever: for wisdom and might are his:

 And he changeth the times and the : he removeth kings, and setteth up kings: he giveth wisdom unto the , and knowledge to them that know understanding:

 He revealeth the  and secret things: he knoweth what is in the , and the light dwelleth with him.

 I thank thee, and praise thee, O thou God of my fathers, who hast given me wisdom and might, and hast made known unto me now what we desired of thee: for thou hast now made known unto us the king's matter.

 Therefore  went in unto , whom the  had ordained to destroy the  men of : he went and said thus unto him; Destroy not the  men of : bring me in before the , and I will shew unto the  the interpretation.

 Then  brought in  before the  in haste, and said thus unto him, I have found a man of the captives of , that will make known unto the  the interpretation.

 The  answered and said to , whose name was , Art thou able to make known unto me the  which I have seen, and the interpretation thereof?

  answered in the presence of the , and said, The secret which the  hath demanded cannot the  men, the astrologers, the , the soothsayers, shew unto the ;

 But there is a God in  that revealeth secrets, and maketh known to the   what shall be in the latter days. Thy , and the visions of thy head upon thy bed, are these;

 As for thee, O , thy thoughts came into thy mind upon thy bed, what should come to pass hereafter: and he that revealeth secrets maketh known to thee what shall come to pass.

 But as for me, this secret is not revealed to me for any wisdom that I have more than any living, but for their sakes that shall make known the interpretation to the , and that thou mightest know the thoughts of thy heart.

 Thou, O , sawest, and behold a great image. This great image, whose brightness was excellent, stood before thee; and the form thereof was terrible.

 This image's head was of fine , his breast and his arms of , his  and his thighs of ,

 His legs of , his feet part of  and part of .

 Thou sawest till that a  was cut out without hands, which smote the image upon his feet that were of  and , and brake them to .

 Then was the , the , the , the , and the , broken to  together, and became like the  of the summer threshingfloors; and the wind carried them away, that no place was found for them: and the  that smote the image became a great mountain, and filled the whole earth.

 This is the ; and we will tell the interpretation thereof before the .

 Thou, O , art a  of kings: for the God of  hath given thee a kingdom, power, and strength, and .

 And wheresoever the children of men dwell, the beasts of the field and the fowls of the  hath he given into thine hand, and hath made thee ruler over them all. Thou art this head of .

 And after thee shall arise another kingdom inferior to thee, and another third kingdom of , which shall bear rule over all the earth.

 And the fourth kingdom shall be strong as : forasmuch as  breaketh in  and subdueth all things: and as  that breaketh all these, shall it break in  and bruise.

 And whereas thou sawest the feet and toes, part of potters' , and part of , the kingdom shall be divided; but there shall be in it of the strength of the , forasmuch as thou sawest the  mixed with miry .

 And as the toes of the feet were part of , and part of , so the kingdom shall be partly strong, and partly broken.

 And whereas thou sawest  mixed with miry , they shall mingle themselves with the seed of men: but they shall not cleave one to another, even as  is not mixed with .

 And in the days of these kings shall the God of  set up a kingdom, which shall never be destroyed: and the kingdom shall not be left to other people, but it shall break in  and consume all these kingdoms, and it shall stand for ever.

 Forasmuch as thou sawest that the  was cut out of the mountain without hands, and that it brake in  the , the , the , the , and the ; the great God hath made known to the  what shall come to pass hereafter: and the  is certain, and the interpretation thereof sure.

 Then the   fell upon his face, and worshipped , and commanded that they should offer an oblation and sweet odours unto him.

 The  answered unto , and said, Of a truth it is, that your God is a God of gods, and a Lord of kings, and a revealer of secrets, seeing thou couldest reveal this secret.

 Then the  made  a great man, and gave him many great gifts, and made him ruler over the whole province of , and chief of the governors over all the  men of .

 Then  requested of the , and he set , , and , over the affairs of the province of : but  sat in the  of the .
