King James Version: Daniel: Daniel Chapter
King James Version: Daniel Chapter
the  made a great  to a thousand of his lords, and drank  before the thousand.

 , whiles he tasted the , commanded to bring the golden and  vessels which his father  had taken out of the  which was in ; that the , and his princes, his wives, and his concubines, might  therein.

 Then they brought the golden vessels that were taken out of the  of the house of God which was at ; and the , and his princes, his wives, and his concubines, drank in them.

 They drank , and praised the gods of , and of , of , of , of , and of .

 In the same hour came forth fingers of a man's hand, and wrote over against the  upon the plaister of the wall of the king's : and the  saw the part of the hand that wrote.

 Then the king's countenance was changed, and his thoughts troubled him, so that the joints of his loins were loosed, and his knees smote one against another.

 The  cried aloud to bring in the astrologers, the Chaldeans, and the soothsayers. And the  spake, and said to the  men of , Whosoever shall read this , and shew me the interpretation thereof, shall be clothed with , and have a  of  about his , and shall be the third ruler in the kingdom.

 Then came in all the king's  men: but they could not read the , nor make known to the  the interpretation thereof.

 Then was   greatly troubled, and his countenance was changed in him, and his lords were astonied.

 Now the  by reason of the words of the  and his lords came into the  house: and the  spake and said, O , live for ever: let not thy thoughts trouble thee, nor let thy countenance be changed:

 There is a man in thy kingdom, in whom is the  of the holy gods; and in the days of thy father light and understanding and wisdom, like the wisdom of the gods, was found in him; whom the   thy father, the , I say, thy father, made master of the , astrologers, Chaldeans, and soothsayers;

 Forasmuch as an excellent , and knowledge, and understanding, interpreting of dreams, and shewing of hard sentences, and dissolving of doubts, were found in the same , whom the  named : now let  be called, and he will shew the interpretation.

 Then was  brought in before the . And the  spake and said unto , Art thou that , which art of the children of the  of , whom the  my father brought out of Jewry?

 I have even heard of thee, that the  of the gods is in thee, and that light and understanding and excellent wisdom is found in thee.

 And now the  men, the astrologers, have been brought in before me, that they should read this , and make known unto me the interpretation thereof: but they could not shew the interpretation of the thing:

 And I have heard of thee, that thou canst make interpretations, and dissolve doubts: now if thou canst read the , and make known to me the interpretation thereof, thou shalt be clothed with , and have a  of  about thy , and shalt be the third ruler in the kingdom.

 Then  answered and said before the , Let thy gifts be to thyself, and give thy rewards to another; yet I will read the  unto the , and make known to him the interpretation.

 O thou , the most high God gave  thy father a kingdom, and majesty, and , and honour:

 And for the majesty that he gave him, all people, nations, and languages, trembled and feared before him: whom he would he slew; and whom he would he kept alive; and whom he would he set up; and whom he would he put down.

 But when his heart was lifted up, and his mind hardened in pride, he was deposed from his kingly , and they took his  from him:

 And he was driven from the sons of men; and his heart was made like the beasts, and his dwelling was with the wild asses: they fed him with  like oxen, and his body was wet with the  of ; till he knew that the most high God ruled in the kingdom of men, and that he appointeth over it whomsoever he will.

 And thou his son, O , hast not humbled thine heart, though thou knewest all this;

 But hast lifted up thyself against the Lord of ; and they have brought the vessels of his house before thee, and thou, and thy lords, thy wives, and thy concubines, have   in them; and thou hast praised the gods of , and , of , , , and , which see not, nor hear, nor know: and the God in whose hand thy breath is, and whose are all thy ways, hast thou not glorified:

 Then was the part of the hand sent from him; and this  was written.

 And this is the  that was written, , , , .

 This is the interpretation of the thing: ; God hath numbered thy kingdom, and finished it.

 ; Thou art weighed in the balances, and art found wanting.

 ; Thy kingdom is divided, and given to the Medes and Persians.

 Then commanded , and they clothed  with , and put a  of  about his , and made a proclamation concerning him, that he should be the third ruler in the kingdom.

 In that night was  the  of the Chaldeans slain.

 And  the Median took the kingdom, being about threescore and two years old.
