King James Version: Daniel: Daniel Chapter
King James Version: Daniel Chapter
It pleased  to set over the kingdom an hundred and twenty princes, which should be over the whole kingdom;

 And over these three ; of whom  was first: that the princes might give accounts unto them, and the  should have no damage.

 Then this  was preferred above the  and princes, because an excellent  was in him; and the  thought to set him over the whole realm.

 Then the  and princes sought to find occasion against  concerning the kingdom; but they could find none occasion nor fault; forasmuch as he was , neither was there any error or fault found in him.

 Then said these men, We shall not find any occasion against this , except we find it against him concerning the law of his God.

 Then these  and princes assembled together to the , and said thus unto him,  , live for ever.

 All the  of the kingdom, the governors, and the princes, the counsellors, and the captains, have consulted together to establish a royal statute, and to make a firm decree, that whosoever shall ask a petition of any God or man for thirty days, save of thee, O , he shall be cast into the  of .

 Now, O , establish the decree, and sign the , that it be not changed, according to the law of the Medes and Persians, which altereth not.

 Wherefore   signed the  and the decree.

 Now when  knew that the  was signed, he went into his house; and his windows being open in his  toward , he kneeled upon his knees three times a day, and prayed, and gave thanks before his God, as he did aforetime.

 Then these men assembled, and found  praying and making supplication before his God.

 Then they came near, and spake before the  concerning the king's decree; Hast thou not signed a decree, that every man that shall ask a petition of any God or man within thirty days, save of thee, O , shall be cast into the  of ? The  answered and said, The thing is true, according to the law of the Medes and Persians, which altereth not.

 Then answered they and said before the , That , which is of the children of the  of , regardeth not thee, O , nor the decree that thou hast signed, but maketh his petition three times a day.

 Then the , when he heard these words, was sore displeased with himself, and set his heart on  to deliver him: and he laboured till the going down of the  to deliver him.

 Then these men assembled unto the , and said unto the , Know, O , that the law of the Medes and Persians is, That no decree nor statute which the  establisheth may be changed.

 Then the  commanded, and they brought , and cast him into the  of . Now the  spake and said unto , Thy God whom thou servest continually, he will deliver thee.

 And a  was brought, and laid upon the mouth of the ; and the  sealed it with his own , and with the  of his lords; that the purpose might not be changed concerning .

 Then the  went to his , and passed the night fasting: neither were instruments of musick brought before him: and his sleep went from him.

 Then the  arose very early in the morning, and went in haste unto the  of .

 And when he came to the , he cried with a lamentable voice unto : and the  spake and said to , O , servant of the living God, is thy God, whom thou servest continually, able to deliver thee from the ?

 Then said  unto the , O , live for ever.

 My God hath sent his , and hath shut the lions' mouths, that they have not hurt me: forasmuch as before him innocency was found in me; and also before thee, O , have I done no hurt.

 Then was the  exceedingly glad for him, and commanded that they should take  up out of the . So  was taken up out of the , and no manner of hurt was found upon him, because he believed in his God.

 And the  commanded, and they brought those men which had accused , and they cast them into the  of , them, their children, and their wives; and the  had the mastery of them, and brake all their bones in  or ever they came at the bottom of the .

 Then   wrote unto all people, nations, and languages, that dwell in all the earth; Peace be multiplied unto you.

 I make a decree, That in every dominion of my kingdom men tremble and fear before the God of : for he is the living God, and stedfast for ever, and his kingdom that which shall not be destroyed, and his dominion shall be even unto the end.

 He delivereth and rescueth, and he worketh signs and wonders in  and in earth, who hath delivered  from the power of the .

 So this  prospered in the reign of , and in the reign of  the Persian.
