King James Version: Daniel: Daniel Chapter
King James Version: Daniel Chapter
In the first year of  the son of , of the seed of the Medes, which was made  over the realm of the Chaldeans;

 In the first year of his reign I  understood by books the number of the years, whereof the word of the LORD came to  the , that he would accomplish seventy years in the desolations of .

 And I set my face unto the Lord God, to seek by  and supplications, with fasting, and , and :

 And I prayed unto the LORD my God, and made my , and said, O Lord, the great and dreadful God, keeping the  and  to them that love him, and to them that keep his commandments;

 We have sinned, and have committed iniquity, and have done wickedly, and have rebelled, even by departing from thy precepts and from thy judgments:

 Neither have we hearkened unto thy servants the prophets, which spake in thy name to our kings, our princes, and our fathers, and to all the people of the land.

 O LORD,  belongeth unto thee, but unto us confusion of faces, as at this day; to the men of , and to the inhabitants of , and unto all , that are near, and that are far off, through all the countries whither thou hast driven them, because of their trespass that they have trespassed against thee.

 O Lord, to us belongeth confusion of face, to our kings, to our princes, and to our fathers, because we have sinned against thee.

 To the Lord our God belong mercies and forgivenesses, though we have rebelled against him;

 Neither have we obeyed the voice of the LORD our God, to walk in his laws, which he set before us by his servants the prophets.

 Yea, all  have transgressed thy law, even by departing, that they might not obey thy voice; therefore the  is poured upon us, and the  that is written in the law of  the servant of God, because we have sinned against him.

 And he hath confirmed his words, which he spake against us, and against our judges that judged us, by bringing upon us a great evil: for under the whole  hath not been done as hath been done upon .

 As it is written in the law of , all this evil is come upon us: yet made we not our  before the LORD our God, that we might turn from our iniquities, and understand thy truth.

 Therefore hath the LORD watched upon the evil, and brought it upon us: for the LORD our God is righteous in all his works which he doeth: for we obeyed not his voice.

 And now, O Lord our God, that hast brought thy people forth out of the land of  with a mighty hand, and hast gotten thee renown, as at this day; we have sinned, we have done wickedly.

 O LORD, according to all thy , I beseech thee, let thine  and thy  be turned away from thy city , thy holy mountain: because for our sins, and for the iniquities of our fathers,  and thy people are become a reproach to all that are about us.

 Now therefore, O our God, hear the  of thy servant, and his supplications, and cause thy face to shine upon thy  that is desolate, for the Lord's sake.

 O my God, incline thine , and hear; open thine eyes, and behold our desolations, and the city which is called by thy name: for we do not present our supplications before thee for our righteousnesses, but for thy great mercies.

 O Lord, hear; O Lord, forgive; O Lord, hearken and do; defer not, for thine own sake, O my God: for thy city and thy people are called by thy name.

 And whiles I was speaking, and praying, and confessing my  and the  of my people , and presenting my supplication before the LORD my God for the holy mountain of my God;

 Yea, whiles I was speaking in , even the man , whom I had seen in the  at the beginning, being caused to  swiftly, touched me about the time of the evening oblation.

 And he informed me, and talked with me, and said, O , I am now come forth to give thee skill and understanding.

 At the beginning of thy supplications the commandment came forth, and I am come to shew thee; for thou art greatly beloved: therefore understand the matter, and consider the .

 Seventy weeks are determined upon thy people and upon thy holy city, to finish the transgression, and to make an end of sins, and to make  for iniquity, and to bring in  , and to  up the  and , and to  the most Holy.

 Know therefore and understand, that from the going forth of the commandment to restore and to build  unto the  the  shall be  weeks, and threescore and two weeks: the street shall be built again, and the wall, even in troublous times.

 And after threescore and two weeks shall  be cut off, but not for himself: and the people of the  that shall come shall destroy the city and the ; and the end thereof shall be with a , and unto the end of the war desolations are determined.

 And he shall confirm the  with many for one week: and in the midst of the week he shall cause the  and the oblation to cease, and for the overspreading of abominations he shall make it desolate, even until the consummation, and that determined shall be poured upon the desolate.
