King James Version: Daniel: Daniel Chapter
King James Version: Daniel Chapter
In the third year of   of  a thing was revealed unto , whose name was called ; and the thing was true, but the time appointed was long: and he understood the thing, and had understanding of the .

 In those days I  was mourning three full weeks.

 I ate no pleasant , neither came  nor  in my mouth, neither did I  myself at all, till three whole weeks were fulfilled.

 And in the four and twentieth day of the first month, as I was by the side of the great river, which is ;

 Then I lifted up mine eyes, and looked, and behold a certain man clothed in , whose loins were girded with fine  of :

 His body also was like the , and his face as the appearance of , and his eyes as lamps of fire, and his arms and his feet like in  to polished , and the voice of his words like the voice of a multitude.

 And I  alone saw the : for the men that were with me saw not the ; but a great quaking fell upon them, so that they fled to hide themselves.

 Therefore I was left alone, and saw this great , and there remained no strength in me: for my comeliness was turned in me into corruption, and I retained no strength.

 Yet heard I the voice of his words: and when I heard the voice of his words, then was I in a  sleep on my face, and my face toward the ground.

 And, behold, an hand touched me, which set me upon my knees and upon the palms of my hands.

 And he said unto me, O , a man greatly beloved, understand the words that I speak unto thee, and stand upright: for unto thee am I now sent. And when he had spoken this word unto me, I stood trembling.

 Then said he unto me, Fear not, : for from the first day that thou didst set thine heart to understand, and to chasten thyself before thy God, thy words were heard, and I am come for thy words.

 But the  of the kingdom of  withstood me one and twenty days: but, lo, , one of the chief princes, came to help me; and I remained there with the kings of .

 Now I am come to make thee understand what shall befall thy people in the latter days: for yet the  is for many days.

 And when he had spoken such words unto me, I set my face toward the ground, and I became .

 And, behold, one like the similitude of the sons of men touched my lips: then I opened my mouth, and spake, and said unto him that stood before me, O my lord, by the  my sorrows are turned upon me, and I have retained no strength.

 For how can the servant of this my lord talk with this my lord? for as for me, straightway there remained no strength in me, neither is there breath left in me.

 Then there came again and touched me one like the appearance of a man, and he strengthened me,

 And said, O man greatly beloved, fear not: peace be unto thee, be strong, yea, be strong. And when he had spoken unto me, I was strengthened, and said, Let my lord speak; for thou hast strengthened me.

 Then said he, Knowest thou wherefore I come unto thee? and now will I return to fight with the  of : and when I am gone forth, lo, the  of Grecia shall come.

 But I will shew thee that which is noted in the  of truth: and there is none that holdeth with me in these things, but  your .
