King James Version: Ruth: Ruth Chapter
King James Version: Ruth Chapter
Then went  up to the , and sat him down there: and, behold, the  of whom  spake came by; unto whom he said, Ho, such a one! turn aside, sit down here. And he turned aside, and sat down.

 And he took ten men of the elders of the city, and said, Sit ye down here. And they sat down.

 And he said unto the , , that is come again out of the country of , selleth a parcel of land, which was our brother Elimelech's:

 And I thought to advertise thee, saying, Buy it before the inhabitants, and before the elders of my people. If thou wilt redeem it, redeem it: but if thou wilt not redeem it, then tell me, that I may know: for there is none to redeem it beside thee; and I am after thee. And he said, I will redeem it.

 Then said , What day thou buyest the field of the hand of , thou must buy it also of  the Moabitess, the wife of the dead, to raise up the name of the dead upon his inheritance.

 And the  said, I cannot redeem it for myself, lest I mar mine own inheritance: redeem thou my right to thyself; for I cannot redeem it.

 Now this was the manner in former time in  concerning redeeming and concerning changing, for to confirm all things; a man plucked off his , and gave it to his neighbour: and this was a  in .

 Therefore the  said unto , Buy it for thee. So he drew off his .

 And  said unto the elders, and unto all the people, Ye are witnesses this day, that I have bought all that was Elimelech's, and all that was Chilion's and Mahlon's, of the hand of .

 Moreover  the Moabitess, the wife of , have I purchased to be my wife, to raise up the name of the dead upon his inheritance, that the name of the dead be not cut off from among his brethren, and from the  of his place: ye are witnesses this day.

 And all the people that were in the , and the elders, said, We are witnesses. The LORD make the woman that is come into thine house like  and like , which two did build the house of : and do thou worthily in , and be famous in :

 And let thy house be like the house of , whom  bare unto , of the seed which the LORD shall give thee of this young woman.

 So  took , and she was his wife: and when he went in unto her, the LORD gave her conception, and she bare a son.

 And the women said unto , Blessed be the LORD, which hath not left thee this day without a , that his name may be famous in .

 And he shall be unto thee a restorer of thy life, and a nourisher of thine old age: for thy daughter in law, which loveth thee, which is better to thee than  sons, hath born him.

 And  took the child, and laid it in her , and became nurse unto it.

 And the women her neighbours gave it a name, saying, There is a son born to ; and they called his name : he is the father of , the father of .

 Now these are the generations of :  begat ,

 And  begat , and  begat ,

 And  begat , and  begat ,

 And  begat , and  begat ,

 And  begat , and  begat .
