King James Version: Ruth: Ruth Chapter
King James Version: Ruth Chapter
And  had a  of her husband's, a mighty man of wealth, of the family of ; and his name was .

 And  the Moabitess said unto , Let me now go to the field, and  ears of  after him in whose sight I shall find . And she said unto her, Go, my daughter.

 And she went, and came, and gleaned in the field after the reapers: and her hap was to light on a part of the field belonging unto , who was of the kindred of .

 And, behold,  came from , and said unto the reapers, The LORD be with you. And they answered him, The LORD  thee.

 Then said  unto his servant that was set over the reapers, Whose damsel is this?

 And the servant that was set over the reapers answered and said, It is the Moabitish damsel that came back with  out of the country of :

 And she said, I pray you, let me  and gather after the reapers among the sheaves: so she came, and hath continued even from the morning until now, that she tarried a little in the house.

 Then said  unto , Hearest thou not, my daughter? Go not to  in another field, neither go from hence, but abide here  by my maidens:

 Let thine eyes be on the field that they do reap, and go thou after them: have I not charged the young men that they shall not touch thee? and when thou art athirst, go unto the vessels, and  of that which the young men have drawn.

 Then she fell on her face, and bowed herself to the ground, and said unto him, Why have I found  in thine eyes, that thou shouldest take knowledge of me, seeing I am a ?

 And  answered and said unto her, It hath fully been shewed me, all that thou hast done unto thy mother in law since the death of thine husband: and how thou hast left thy father and thy mother, and the land of thy nativity, and art come unto a people which thou knewest not heretofore.

 The LORD recompense thy work, and a full reward be given thee of the LORD God of , under whose wings thou art come to trust.

 Then she said, Let me find favour in thy sight, my lord; for that thou hast comforted me, and for that thou hast spoken friendly unto thine , though I be not like unto one of thine handmaidens.

 And  said unto her, At mealtime come thou hither, and eat of the , and dip thy morsel in the . And she sat beside the reapers: and he reached her parched , and she did eat, and was sufficed, and left.

 And when she was risen up to ,  commanded his young men, saying, Let her  even among the sheaves, and reproach her not:

 And let fall also some of the handfuls of purpose for her, and leave them, that she may  them, and rebuke her not.

 So she gleaned in the field until even, and beat out that she had gleaned: and it was about an  of .

 And she took it up, and went into the city: and her mother in law saw what she had gleaned: and she brought forth, and gave to her that she had reserved after she was sufficed.

 And her mother in law said unto her, Where hast thou gleaned to day?  and where wroughtest thou? blessed be he that did take knowledge of thee. And she shewed her mother in law with whom she had wrought, and said, The man's name with whom I wrought to day is .

 And  said unto her daughter in law, Blessed be he of the LORD, who hath not left off his kindness to the living and to the dead. And  said unto her, The man is near of kin unto us, one of our next kinsmen.

 And  the Moabitess said, He said unto me also, Thou shalt keep  by my young men, until they have ended all my .

 And  said unto  her daughter in law, It is good, my daughter, that thou go out with his maidens, that they meet thee not in any other field.

 So she kept  by the maidens of  to  unto the end of   and of  ; and dwelt with her mother in law.
