King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel):
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
And when  was a little past the top of the hill, behold,  the servant of  met him, with a couple of asses saddled, and upon them two hundred loaves of , and an hundred bunches of , and an hundred of summer fruits, and a  of .

 And the  said unto , What meanest thou by these? And  said, The asses be for the king's household to ride on; and the  and summer  for the young men to eat; and the , that such as be faint in the  may .

 And the  said, And where is thy master's son? And  said unto the , Behold, he abideth at : for he said, To day shall the house of  restore me the kingdom of my father.

 Then said the  to , Behold, thine are all that pertained unto . And  said, I humbly beseech thee that I may find  in thy sight, my lord, O .

 And when   came to , behold, thence came out a man of the family of the house of , whose name was , the son of : he came forth, and cursed still as he came.

 And he cast stones at , and at all the servants of  : and all the people and all the mighty men were on his right hand and on his left.

 And thus said  when he cursed, Come out, come out, thou bloody man, and thou man of :

 The LORD hath returned upon thee all the  of the house of , in whose stead thou hast reigned; and the LORD hath delivered the kingdom into the hand of  thy son: and, behold, thou art taken in thy mischief, because thou art a bloody man.

 Then said  the son of  unto the , Why should this dead dog  my lord the ? let me go over, I pray thee, and take off his head.

 And the  said, What have I to do with you, ye sons of ?  so let him , because the LORD hath said unto him,  . Who shall then say, Wherefore hast thou done so?

 And  said to , and to all his servants, Behold, my son, which came forth of my , seeketh my life: how much more now may this Benjamite do it? let him alone, and let him ; for the LORD hath bidden him.

 It may be that the LORD will look on mine affliction, and that the LORD will requite me good for his cursing this day.

 And as  and his men went by the way,  went along on the hill's side over against him, and cursed as he went, and threw stones at him, and cast .

 And the , and all the people that were with him, came weary, and refreshed themselves there.

 And , and all the people the men of , came to , and  with him.

 And it came to pass, when  the , David's friend, was come unto , that  said unto , God save the , God save the .

 And  said to , Is this thy kindness to thy friend? why wentest thou not with thy friend?

 And  said unto , Nay; but whom the LORD, and this people, and all the men of , choose, his will I be, and with him will I abide.

 And again, whom should I serve? should I not serve in the presence of his son? as I have served in thy father's presence, so will I be in thy presence.

 Then said  to , Give counsel among you what we shall do.

 And  said unto , Go in unto thy father's concubines, which he hath left to keep the house; and all  shall hear that thou art abhorred of thy father: then shall the hands of all that are with thee be strong.

 So they spread  a  upon the top of the house; and  went in unto his father's concubines in the sight of all .

 And the counsel of , which he counselled in those days, was as if a man had enquired at the  of God: so was all the counsel of  both with  and with .
