King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel):
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
And there happened to be there a man of , whose name was , the son of Bichri, a Benjamite: and he blew a trumpet, and said, We have no part in , neither have we inheritance in the son of : every man to his tents, O .

 So every man of  went up from after , and followed  the son of Bichri: but the men of  clave unto their , from  even to .

 And  came to his house at ; and the  took the ten women his concubines, whom he had left to keep the house, and put them in , and fed them, but went not in unto them. So they were shut up unto the day of their death, living in widowhood.

 Then said the  to , Assemble me the men of  within three days, and be thou here present.

 So  went to assemble the men of : but he tarried longer than the set time which he had appointed him.

 And  said to , Now shall  the son of Bichri do us more harm than did : take thou thy lord's servants, and pursue after him, lest he get him fenced cities, and escape us.

 And there went out after him Joab's men, and the Cherethites, and the , and all the mighty men: and they went out of , to pursue after  the son of Bichri.

 When they were at the great  which is in ,  went before them. And Joab's garment that he had put on was girded unto him, and upon it a  with a  fastened upon his loins in the sheath thereof; and as he went forth it fell out.

 And  said to , Art thou in health, my brother? And  took  by the  with the right hand to  him.

 But  took no heed to the  that was in Joab's hand: so he smote him therewith in the fifth rib, and shed out his  to the ground, and struck him not again; and he died. So  and  his brother pursued after  the son of Bichri.

 And one of Joab's men stood by him, and said, He that favoureth , and he that is for , let him go after .

 And  wallowed in  in the midst of the . And when the man saw that all the people stood still, he removed  out of the  into the field, and cast a cloth upon him, when he saw that every one that came by him stood still.

 When he was removed out of the , all the people went on after , to pursue after  the son of Bichri.

 And he went through all the tribes of  unto , and to Bethmaachah, and all the Berites: and they were gathered together, and went also after him.

 And they came and besieged him in  of Bethmaachah, and they cast up a bank against the city, and it stood in the trench: and all the people that were with  battered the wall, to throw it down.

 Then cried a  woman out of the city, Hear, hear; say, I pray you, unto , Come near hither, that I may speak with thee.

 And when he was come near unto her, the woman said, Art thou ?  And he answered, I am he. Then she said unto him, Hear the words of thine . And he answered, I do hear.

 Then she spake, saying, They were wont to speak in old time, saying, They shall surely ask counsel at : and so they ended the matter.

 I am one of them that are peaceable and  in : thou seekest to destroy a city and a mother in : why wilt thou  up the inheritance of the LORD?

 And  answered and said, Far be it, far be it from me, that I should  up or destroy.

 The matter is not so: but a man of  ,  the son of Bichri by name, hath lifted up his hand against the , even against : deliver him only, and I will depart from the city. And the woman said unto , Behold, his head shall be thrown to thee over the wall.

 Then the woman went unto all the people in her wisdom. And they cut off the head of  the son of Bichri, and cast it out to . And he blew a trumpet, and they retired from the city, every man to his . And  returned to  unto the .

 Now  was over all the  of : and  the son of  was over the Cherethites and over the :

 And  was over the : and  the son of Ahilud was :

 And  was scribe: and  and  were the priests:

 And  also the Jairite was a chief ruler about .
