King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel):
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
Then came all the tribes of  to  unto , and spake, saying, Behold, we are thy bone and thy .

 Also in time past, when  was  over us, thou wast he that leddest out and broughtest in : and the LORD said to thee, Thou shalt feed my people , and thou shalt be a captain over .

 So all the elders of  came to the  to ; and   made a  with them in  before the LORD: and they anointed   over .

  was thirty years old when he began to reign, and he reigned forty years.

 In  he reigned over   years and six months: and in  he reigned thirty and three years over all  and .

 And the  and his men went to  unto the , the inhabitants of the land: which spake unto , saying, Except thou take away the  and the lame, thou shalt not come in hither: thinking,  cannot come in hither.

 Nevertheless  took the strong hold of : the same is the city of .

 And  said on that day, Whosoever getteth up to the , and smiteth the , and the lame and the  that are hated of David's soul, he shall be chief and captain. Wherefore they said, The  and the lame shall not come into the house.

 So  dwelt in the fort, and called it the city of . And  built round about from  and inward.

 And  went on, and grew great, and the LORD God of hosts was with him.

 And   of  sent messengers to , and  trees, and carpenters, and masons: and they built  an house.

 And  perceived that the LORD had established him  over , and that he had exalted his kingdom for his people Israel's sake.

 And  took him more concubines and wives out of , after he was come from : and there were yet sons and daughters born to .

 And these be the names of those that were born unto him in ; Shammuah, and , and , and ,

  also, and , and Nepheg, and ,

 And , and , and .

 But when the  heard that they had anointed   over , all the  came up to seek ; and  heard of it, and went down to the hold.

 The  also came and spread themselves in the  of .

 And  enquired of the LORD, saying, Shall I go up to the ? wilt thou deliver them into mine hand? And the LORD said unto , Go up: for I will doubtless deliver the  into thine hand.

 And  came to Baalperazim, and  smote them there, and said, The LORD hath broken forth upon mine enemies before me, as the  of waters. Therefore he called the name of that place Baalperazim.

 And there they left their images, and  and his men burned them.

 And the  came up yet again, and spread themselves in the  of .

 And when  enquired of the LORD, he said, Thou shalt not go up; but fetch a compass behind them, and come upon them over against the  trees.

 And let it be, when thou hearest the sound of a going in the tops of the  trees, that then thou shalt bestir thyself: for then shall the LORD go out before thee, to smite the  of the .

 And  did so, as the LORD had commanded him; and smote the  from  until thou come to Gazer.
