King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel):
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
And it was told , Behold, the  weepeth and mourneth for .

 And the victory that day was turned into mourning unto all the people: for the people heard say that day how the  was grieved for his son.

 And the people gat them by stealth that day into the city, as people being ashamed steal away when they flee in battle.

 But the  covered his face, and the  cried with a loud voice, O my son , O , my son, my son!

 And  came into the house to the , and said, Thou hast shamed this day the faces of all thy servants, which this day have saved thy life, and the lives of thy sons and of thy daughters, and the lives of thy wives, and the lives of thy concubines;

 In that thou lovest thine enemies, and hatest thy friends. For thou hast declared this day, that thou regardest neither princes nor servants: for this day I perceive, that if  had lived, and all we had died this day, then it had pleased thee well.

 Now therefore arise, go forth, and speak comfortably unto thy servants: for I swear by the LORD, if thou go not forth, there will not tarry one with thee this night: and that will be worse unto thee than all the evil that befell thee from thy youth until now.

 Then the  arose, and sat in the . And they told unto all the people, saying, Behold, the  doth sit in the . And all the people came before the : for  had fled every man to his .

 And all the people were at strife throughout all the tribes of , saying, The  saved us out of the hand of our enemies, and he delivered us out of the hand of the ; and now he is fled out of the land for .

 And , whom we anointed over us, is dead in battle. Now therefore why speak ye not a word of bringing the  back?

 And   sent to  and to  the priests, saying, Speak unto the elders of , saying, Why are ye the last to bring the  back to his house? seeing the speech of all  is come to the , even to his house.

 Ye are my brethren, ye are my bones and my : wherefore then are ye the last to bring back the ?

 And say ye to , Art thou not of my bone, and of my ? God do so to me, and more also, if thou be not captain of the  before me continually in the room of .

 And he bowed the heart of all the men of , even as the heart of one man; so that they sent this word unto the , Return thou, and all thy servants.

 So the  returned, and came to . And  came to , to go to meet the , to conduct the  over .

 And  the son of , a Benjamite, which was of , hasted and came down with the men of  to meet  .

 And there were a thousand men of  with him, and  the servant of the house of , and his fifteen sons and his twenty servants with him; and they went over  before the .

 And there went over a ferry boat to carry over the king's household, and to do what he thought good. And  the son of  fell down before the , as he was come over ;

 And said unto the , Let not my lord impute iniquity unto me, neither do thou remember that which thy servant did perversely the day that my lord the  went out of , that the  should take it to his heart.

 For thy servant doth know that I have sinned: therefore, behold, I am come the first this day of all the house of  to go down to meet my lord the .

 But  the son of  answered and said, Shall not  be put to death for this, because he cursed the LORD's anointed?

 And  said, What have I to do with you, ye sons of , that ye should this day be adversaries unto me? shall there any man be put to death this day in ? for do not I know that I am this day  over ?

 Therefore the  said unto , Thou shalt not die. And the  sware unto him.

 And  the son of  came down to meet the , and had neither dressed his feet, nor trimmed his , nor washed his clothes, from the day the  departed until the day he came again in peace.

 And it came to pass, when he was come to  to meet the , that the  said unto him, Wherefore wentest not thou with me, ?

 And he answered, My lord, O , my servant deceived me: for thy servant said, I will saddle me an , that I may ride thereon, and go to the ; because thy servant is lame.

 And he hath slandered thy servant unto my lord the ; but my lord the  is as an  of God: do therefore what is good in thine eyes.

 For all of my father's house were but dead men before my lord the : yet didst thou set thy servant among them that did eat at thine own table. What right therefore have I yet to cry any more unto the ?

 And the  said unto him, Why speakest thou any more of thy matters? I have said, Thou and  divide the land.

 And  said unto the , Yea, let him take all, forasmuch as my lord the  is come again in peace unto his own house.

 And  the Gileadite came down from , and went over  with the , to conduct him over .

 Now  was a very aged man, even fourscore years old: and he had provided the  of sustenance while he lay at ; for he was a very great man.

 And the  said unto , Come thou over with me, and I will feed thee with me in .

 And  said unto the , How long have I to live, that I should go up with the  unto ?

 I am this day fourscore years old: and can I discern between good and evil? can thy servant taste what I eat or what I ? can I hear any more the voice of singing men and singing women? wherefore then should thy servant be yet a  unto my lord the ?

 Thy servant will go a little way over  with the : and why should the  recompense it me with such a reward?

 Let thy servant, I pray thee, turn back again, that I may die in mine own city, and be buried by the  of my father and of my mother. But behold thy servant ; let him go over with my lord the ; and do to him what shall seem good unto thee.

 And the  answered,  shall go over with me, and I will do to him that which shall seem good unto thee: and whatsoever thou shalt require of me, that will I do for thee.

 And all the people went over . And when the  was come over, the  kissed , and blessed him; and he returned unto his own place.

 Then the  went on to , and  went on with him: and all the people of  conducted the , and also half the people of .

 And, behold, all the men of  came to the , and said unto the , Why have our brethren the men of  stolen thee away, and have brought the , and his household, and all David's men with him, over ?

 And all the men of  answered the men of , Because the  is near of kin to us: wherefore then be ye angry for this matter? have we eaten at all of the king's cost? or hath he given us any ?

 And the men of  answered the men of , and said, We have ten parts in the , and we have also more right in  than ye: why then did ye despise us, that our advice should not be first had in bringing back our ? And the words of the men of  were fiercer than the words of the men of .
