King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel):
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
And when Saul's son heard that  was dead in , his hands were feeble, and all the Israelites were troubled.

 And Saul's son had two men that were captains of : the name of the one was , and the name of the other , the sons of  a Beerothite, of the children of : (for  also was reckoned to .

 And the Beerothites fled to , and were sojourners there until this day.)

 And , Saul's son, had a son that was lame of his feet. He was five years old when the tidings came of  and  out of , and his nurse took him up, and fled: and it came to pass, as she made haste to flee, that he fell, and became lame. And his name was .

 And the sons of  the Beerothite,  and , went, and came about the heat of the day to the house of Ishbosheth, who lay on a bed at noon.

 And they came thither into the midst of the house, as though they would have fetched ; and they smote him under the fifth rib: and  and  his brother escaped.

 For when they came into the house, he lay on his bed in his bedchamber, and they smote him, and slew him, and beheaded him, and took his head, and gat them away through the  all night.

 And they brought the head of Ishbosheth unto  to , and said to the , Behold the head of Ishbosheth the son of  thine enemy, which sought thy life; and the LORD hath avenged my lord the  this day of , and of his seed.

 And  answered  and  his brother, the sons of  the Beerothite, and said unto them, As the LORD liveth, who hath redeemed my soul out of all adversity,

 When one told me, saying, Behold,  is dead, thinking to have brought good tidings, I took hold of him, and slew him in , who thought that I would have given him a reward for his tidings:

 How much more, when wicked men have slain a righteous person in his own house upon his bed? shall I not therefore now require his  of your hand, and take you away from the earth?

 And  commanded his young men, and they slew them, and cut off their hands and their feet, and hanged them up over the pool in . But they took the head of Ishbosheth, and buried it in the  of  in .
