King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel):
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
And it came to pass after this, that  enquired of the LORD, saying, Shall I go up into any of the cities of ? And the LORD said unto him, Go up. And  said, Whither shall I go up? And he said, Unto .

 So  went up thither, and his two wives also,  the Jezreelitess, and  Nabal's wife the Carmelite.

 And his men that were with him did  bring up, every man with his household: and they dwelt in the cities of .

 And the men of  came, and there they anointed   over the house of . And they told , saying, That the men of Jabeshgilead were they that buried .

 And  sent messengers unto the men of Jabeshgilead, and said unto them, Blessed be ye of the LORD, that ye have shewed this kindness unto your lord, even unto , and have buried him.

 And now the LORD shew kindness and truth unto you: and I also will requite you this kindness, because ye have done this thing.

 Therefore now let your hands be strengthened, and be ye valiant: for your master  is dead, and also the house of  have anointed me  over them.

 But  the son of , captain of Saul's , took Ishbosheth the son of , and brought him over to ;

 And made him  over , and over the , and over , and over , and over , and over all .

 Ishbosheth Saul's son was forty years old when he began to reign over , and reigned two years. But the house of  followed .

 And the time that  was  in  over the house of  was  years and six months.

 And  the son of , and the servants of Ishbosheth the son of , went out from  to .

 And  the son of , and the servants of , went out, and met together by the pool of : and they sat down, the one on the one side of the pool, and the other on the other side of the pool.

 And  said to , Let the young men now arise, and play before us. And  said, Let them arise.

 Then there arose and went over by number twelve of , which pertained to Ishbosheth the son of , and twelve of the servants of .

 And they caught every one his fellow by the head, and thrust his  in his fellow's side; so they fell down together: wherefore that place was called Helkathhazzurim, which is in .

 And there was a very sore battle that day; and  was beaten, and the men of , before the servants of .

 And there were three sons of  there, , and , and : and  was as light of foot as a wild .

 And  pursued after ; and in going he turned not to the right hand nor to the left from following .

 Then  looked behind him, and said, Art thou ? And he answered, I am.

 And  said to him, Turn thee aside to thy right hand or to thy left, and lay thee hold on one of the young men, and take thee his . But  would not turn aside from following of him.

 And  said again to , Turn thee aside from following me: wherefore should I smite thee to the ground? how then should I hold up my face to  thy brother?

 Howbeit he refused to turn aside: wherefore  with the hinder end of the spear smote him under the fifth rib, that the spear came out behind him; and he fell down there, and died in the same place: and it came to pass, that as many as came to the place where  fell down and died stood still.

  also and  pursued after : and the  went down when they were come to the hill of , that lieth before Giah by the way of the  of .

 And the children of  gathered themselves together after , and became one troop, and stood on the top of an hill.

 Then  called to , and said, Shall the  devour for ever?  knowest thou not that it will be bitterness in the latter end? how long shall it be then, ere thou bid the people return from following their brethren?

 And  said, As God liveth, unless thou hadst spoken, surely then in the morning the people had gone up every one from following his brother.

 So  blew a trumpet, and all the people stood still, and pursued after  no more, neither fought they any more.

 And  and his men walked all that night through the , and passed over , and went through all Bithron, and they came to .

 And  returned from following : and when he had gathered all the people together, there lacked of David's servants nineteen men and .

 But the servants of  had smitten of , and of Abner's men, so that three hundred and threescore men died.

 And they took up , and buried him in the  of his father, which was in . And  and his men went all night, and they came to  at break of day.
