King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel):
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
Now it came to pass after the death of , when  was returned from the slaughter of the Amalekites, and  had abode two days in ;

 It came even to pass on the third day, that, behold, a man came out of the  from  with his clothes , and earth upon his head: and so it was, when he came to , that he fell to the earth, and did .

 And  said unto him, From whence comest thou? And he said unto him, Out of the  of  am I escaped.

 And  said unto him, How went the matter? I pray thee, tell me. And he answered, That the people are fled from the battle, and many of the people also are fallen and dead; and  and  his son are dead also.

 And  said unto the young man that told him, How knowest thou that  and  his son be dead?

 And the young man that told him said, As I happened by chance upon  , behold,  leaned upon his spear; and, lo, the chariots and horsemen followed hard after him.

 And when he looked behind him, he saw me, and called unto me. And I answered, Here am I.

 And he said unto me, Who art thou? And I answered him, I am an .

 He said unto me again, Stand, I pray thee, upon me, and slay me: for anguish is come upon me, because my life is yet whole in me.

 So I stood upon him, and slew him, because I was sure that he could not live after that he was fallen: and I took the  that was upon his head, and the  that was on his arm, and have brought them hither unto my lord.

 Then  took hold on his clothes, and  them; and likewise all the men that were with him:

 And they mourned, and wept, and fasted until even, for , and for  his son, and for the people of the LORD, and for the house of ; because they were fallen by the .

 And  said unto the young man that told him, Whence art thou? And he answered, I am the son of a , an .

 And  said unto him, How wast thou not afraid to stretch forth thine hand to destroy the LORD's anointed?

 And  called one of the young men, and said, Go near, and fall upon him. And he smote him that he died.

 And  said unto him, Thy  be upon thy head; for thy mouth hath testified against thee, saying, I have slain the LORD's anointed.

 And  lamented with this  over  and over  his son:

 (Also he bade them teach the children of  the use of the : behold, it is written in the book of .)

 The beauty of  is slain upon thy high places: how are the mighty fallen!

 Tell it not in , publish it not in the streets of Askelon; lest the daughters of the  rejoice, lest the daughters of the uncircumcised triumph.

 Ye mountains of , let there be no , neither let there be , upon you, nor fields of offerings: for there the  of the mighty is vilely cast away, the  of , as though he had not been anointed with oil.

 From the  of the slain, from the  of the mighty, the  of  turned not back, and the  of  returned not empty.

  and  were lovely and pleasant in their lives, and in their death they were not divided: they were swifter than eagles, they were stronger than .

 Ye daughters of , weep over , who clothed you in , with other delights, who put on ornaments of  upon your .

 How are the mighty fallen in the midst of the battle! O , thou wast slain in thine high places.

 I am distressed for thee, my brother : very pleasant hast thou been unto me: thy love to me was wonderful, passing the love of women.

 How are the mighty fallen, and the weapons of war perished!
