King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel):
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
And it came to pass, after the year was expired, at the time when kings go forth to battle, that  sent , and his servants with him, and all ; and they destroyed the children of , and besieged . But  tarried still at .

 And it came to pass in an eveningtide, that  arose from off his bed, and walked upon the roof of the king's house: and from the roof he saw a woman  herself; and the woman was very beautiful to look upon.

 And  sent and enquired after the woman. And one said, Is not this Bathsheba, the daughter of , the wife of  the Hittite?

 And  sent messengers, and took her; and she came in unto him, and he lay with her; for she was purified from her uncleanness: and she returned unto her house.

 And the woman conceived, and sent and told , and said, I am with child.

 And  sent to , saying, Send me  the Hittite. And  sent  to .

 And when  was come unto him,  demanded of him how  did, and how the people did, and how the war prospered.

 And  said to , Go down to thy house, and wash thy feet. And  departed out of the king's house, and there followed him a  of meat from the .

 But  slept at the door of the king's house with all the servants of his lord, and went not down to his house.

 And when they had told , saying,  went not down unto his house,  said unto , Camest thou not from thy ? why then didst thou not go down unto thine house?

 And  said unto , The , and , and , abide in tents; and my lord , and the servants of my lord, are encamped in the open fields; shall I then go into mine house, to eat and to , and to lie with my wife? as thou livest, and as thy soul liveth, I will not do this thing.

 And  said to , Tarry here to day also, and to morrow I will let thee depart. So  abode in  that day, and the morrow.

 And when  had called him, he did eat and  before him; and he made him : and at even he went out to lie on his bed with the servants of his lord, but went not down to his house.

 And it came to pass in the morning, that  wrote a letter to , and sent it by the hand of .

 And he wrote in the letter, saying, Set ye  in the forefront of the hottest battle, and retire ye from him, that he may be smitten, and die.

 And it came to pass, when  observed the city, that he assigned  unto a place where he knew that valiant men were.

 And the men of the city went out, and fought with : and there fell some of the people of the servants of ; and  the Hittite died also.

 Then  sent and told  all the things concerning the war;

 And charged the , saying, When thou hast made an end of telling the matters of the war unto the ,

 And if so be that the king's wrath arise, and he say unto thee, Wherefore approached ye so nigh unto the city when ye did fight? knew ye not that they would shoot from the wall?

 Who smote  the son of ? did not a woman cast a piece of a millstone upon him from the wall, that he died in ? why went ye nigh the wall? then say thou, Thy servant  the Hittite is dead also.

 So the  went, and came and shewed  all that  had sent him for.

 And the  said unto , Surely the men prevailed against us, and came out unto us into the field, and we were upon them even unto the entering of the .

 And the shooters shot from off the wall upon thy servants; and some of the king's servants be dead, and thy servant  the Hittite is dead also.

 Then  said unto the , Thus shalt thou say unto , Let not this thing displease thee, for the  devoureth one as well as another: make thy battle more strong against the city, and overthrow it: and encourage thou him.

 And when the wife of  heard that  her husband was dead, she mourned for her husband.

 And when the mourning was past,  sent and fetched her to his house, and she became his wife, and bare him a son. But the thing that  had done displeased the LORD.
