King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel):
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
Moreover  said unto , Let me now choose out twelve thousand men, and I will arise and pursue after  this night:

 And I will come upon him while he is weary and weak handed, and will make him afraid: and all the people that are with him shall flee; and I will smite the  only:

 And I will bring back all the people unto thee: the man whom thou seekest is as if all returned: so all the people shall be in peace.

 And the saying pleased  well, and all the elders of .

 Then said , Call now  the  also, and let us hear likewise what he saith.

 And when  was come to ,  spake unto him, saying,  hath spoken after this manner: shall we do after his saying? if not; speak thou.

 And  said unto , The counsel that  hath given is not good at this time.

 For, said , thou knowest thy father and his men, that they be mighty men, and they be chafed in their minds, as a bear robbed of her whelps in the field: and thy father is a man of war, and will not  with the people.

 Behold, he is hid now in some , or in some other place: and it will come to pass, when some of them be overthrown at the first, that whosoever heareth it will say, There is a slaughter among the people that follow .

 And he also that is valiant, whose heart is as the heart of a lion, shall utterly melt: for all  knoweth that thy father is a mighty man, and they which be with him are valiant men.

 Therefore I counsel that all  be generally gathered unto thee, from  even to , as the sand that is by the sea for multitude; and that thou go to battle in thine own person.

 So shall we come upon him in some place where he shall be found, and we will light upon him as the  falleth on the ground: and of him and of all the men that are with him there shall not be left so much as one.

 Moreover, if he be gotten into a city, then shall all  bring ropes to that city, and we will draw it into the river, until there be not one small  found there.

 And  and all the men of  said, The counsel of  the  is better than the counsel of . For the LORD had appointed to defeat the good counsel of , to the intent that the LORD might bring evil upon .

 Then said  unto  and to  the priests, Thus and thus did  counsel  and the elders of ; and thus and thus have I counselled.

 Now therefore send quickly, and tell , saying,  not this night in the plains of the , but speedily pass over; lest the  be swallowed up, and all the people that are with him.

 Now  and  stayed by Enrogel; for they might not be seen to come into the city: and a wench went and told them; and they went and told  .

 Nevertheless a lad saw them, and told : but they went both of them away quickly, and came to a man's house in , which had a well in his court; whither they went down.

 And the woman took and spread a covering over the well's mouth, and spread ground  thereon; and the thing was not known.

 And when Absalom's servants came to the woman to the house, they said, Where is  and ? And the woman said unto them, They be gone over the  of water. And when they had sought and could not find them, they returned to .

 And it came to pass, after they were departed, that they came up out of the well, and went and told  , and said unto , Arise, and pass quickly over the water: for thus hath  counselled against you.

 Then  arose, and all the people that were with him, and they passed over : by the morning light there lacked not one of them that was not gone over .

 And when  saw that his counsel was not followed, he saddled his , and arose, and gat him home to his house, to his city, and put his household in order, and hanged himself, and died, and was buried in the  of his father.

 Then  came to . And  passed over , he and all the men of  with him.

 And  made  captain of the  instead of : which  was a man's son, whose name was Ithra an Israelite, that went in to  the daughter of , sister to  Joab's mother.

 So  and  pitched in the land of .

 And it came to pass, when  was come to , that  the son of  of  of the children of , and  the son of  of Lodebar, and  the Gileadite of ,

 Brought beds, and basons, and earthen vessels, and , and , and , and parched , and , and , and parched ,

 And , and , and , and  of , for , and for the people that were with him, to eat: for they said, The people is hungry, and weary, and thirsty, in the .
