King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel):
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
And again the  of the LORD was kindled against , and he moved  against them to say, Go, number  and .

 For the  said to  the captain of the , which was with him, Go now through all the tribes of , from  even to , and number ye the people, that I may know the number of the people.

 And  said unto the , Now the LORD thy God add unto the people, how many soever they be, an hundredfold, and that the eyes of my lord the  may see it: but why doth my lord the  delight in this thing?

 Notwithstanding the king's word prevailed against , and against the captains of the . And  and the captains of the  went out from the presence of the , to number the people of .

 And they passed over , and pitched in , on the right side of the city that lieth in the midst of the river of , and toward Jazer:

 Then they came to , and to the land of Tahtimhodshi; and they came to Danjaan, and about to ,

 And came to the strong hold of , and to all the cities of the , and of the : and they went out to the south of , even to .

 So when they had gone through all the land, they came to  at the end of nine months and twenty days.

 And  gave up the sum of the number of the people unto the : and there were in  eight hundred thousand valiant men that drew the ; and the men of  were five hundred thousand men.

 And David's heart smote him after that he had numbered the people. And  said unto the LORD, I have sinned greatly in that I have done: and now, I beseech thee, O LORD, take away the iniquity of thy servant; for I have done very foolishly.

 For when  was up in the morning, the word of the LORD came unto the  , David's , saying,

 Go and say unto , Thus saith the LORD, I offer thee three things; choose thee one of them, that I may do it unto thee.

 So  came to , and told him, and said unto him, Shall  years of  come unto thee in thy land? or wilt thou flee three months before thine enemies, while they pursue thee? or that there be three days' pestilence in thy land? now advise, and see what answer I shall return to him that sent me.

 And  said unto , I am in a great strait: let us fall now into the hand of the LORD; for his mercies are great: and let me not fall into the hand of man.

 So the LORD sent a pestilence upon  from the morning even to the time appointed: and there died of the people from  even to  seventy thousand men.

 And when the  stretched out his hand upon  to destroy it, the LORD repented him of the evil, and said to the  that destroyed the people, It is enough: stay now thine hand. And the  of the LORD was by the threshingplace of  the Jebusite.

 And  spake unto the LORD when he saw the  that smote the people, and said, Lo, I have sinned, and I have done wickedly: but these , what have they done? let thine hand, I pray thee, be against me, and against my father's house.

 And  came that day to , and said unto him, Go up, rear an  unto the LORD in the threshingfloor of  the Jebusite.

 And , according to the saying of , went up as the LORD commanded.

 And  looked, and saw the  and his servants coming on toward him: and  went out, and bowed himself before the  on his face upon the ground.

 And  said, Wherefore is my lord the  come to his servant?  And  said, To buy the threshingfloor of thee, to build an  unto the LORD, that the  may be stayed from the people.

 And  said unto , Let my lord the  take and offer up what seemeth good unto him: behold, here be oxen for burnt , and  instruments and other instruments of the oxen for .

 All these things did , as a , give unto the . And  said unto the , The LORD thy God accept thee.

 And the  said unto , Nay; but I will surely buy it of thee at a price: neither will I offer burnt offerings unto the LORD my God of that which doth cost me nothing. So  bought the threshingfloor and the oxen for fifty shekels of .

 And  built there an  unto the LORD, and offered burnt offerings and peace offerings. So the LORD was intreated for the land, and the  was stayed from .
