King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel):
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
And  numbered the people that were with him, and set captains of , and captains of hundreds over them.

 And  sent forth a third part of the people under the hand of , and a third part under the hand of  the son of , Joab's brother, and a third part under the hand of  the . And the  said unto the people, I will surely go forth with you myself also.

 But the people answered, Thou shalt not go forth: for if we flee away, they will not care for us; neither if half of us die, will they care for us: but now thou art worth ten thousand of us: therefore now it is better that thou succour us out of the city.

 And the  said unto them, What seemeth you best I will do. And the  stood by the  side, and all the people came out by hundreds and by .

 And the  commanded  and  and , saying, Deal gently for my sake with the young man, even with . And all the people heard when the  gave all the captains charge concerning .

 So the people went out into the field against : and the battle was in the  of ;

 Where the people of  were slain before the servants of , and there was there a great slaughter that day of twenty thousand men.

 For the battle was there scattered over the face of all the country: and the  devoured more people that day than the  devoured.

 And  met the servants of . And  rode upon a , and the  went under the thick boughs of a great , and his head caught hold of the , and he was taken up between the  and the earth; and the  that was under him went away.

 And a certain man saw it, and told , and said, Behold, I saw  hanged in an .

 And  said unto the man that told him, And, behold, thou sawest him, and why didst thou not smite him there to the ground? and I would have given thee ten shekels of , and a .

 And the man said unto , Though I should receive a thousand shekels of  in mine hand, yet would I not put forth mine hand against the king's son: for in our hearing the  charged thee and  and , saying, Beware that none touch the young man .

 Otherwise I should have wrought falsehood against mine own life: for there is no matter hid from the , and thou thyself wouldest have set thyself against me.

 Then said , I may not tarry thus with thee. And he took three darts in his hand, and thrust them through the heart of , while he was yet alive in the midst of the .

 And ten young men that bare Joab's  compassed about and smote , and slew him.

 And  blew the trumpet, and the people returned from pursuing after : for  held back the people.

 And they took , and cast him into a great  in the , and laid a very great  of stones upon him: and all  fled every one to his .

 Now  in his lifetime had taken and reared up for himself a , which is in the king's dale: for he said, I have no son to keep my name in remembrance: and he called the  after his own name: and it is called unto this day, Absalom's place.

 Then said  the son of , Let me now run, and bear the  tidings, how that the LORD hath avenged him of his enemies.

 And  said unto him, Thou shalt not bear tidings this day, but thou shalt bear tidings another day: but this day thou shalt bear no tidings, because the king's son is dead.

 Then said  to Cushi, Go tell the  what thou hast seen. And Cushi bowed himself unto , and ran.

 Then said  the son of  yet again to , But howsoever, let me, I pray thee, also run after Cushi. And  said, Wherefore wilt thou run, my son, seeing that thou hast no tidings ready?

 But howsoever, said he, let me run. And he said unto him, Run. Then  ran by the way of the , and overran Cushi.

 And  sat between the two gates: and the watchman went up to the roof over the  unto the wall, and lifted up his eyes, and looked, and behold a man running alone.

 And the watchman cried, and told the . And the  said, If he be alone, there is tidings in his mouth. And he came apace, and drew near.

 And the watchman saw another man running: and the watchman called unto the , and said, Behold another man running alone. And the  said, He also bringeth tidings.

 And the watchman said, Me thinketh the running of the foremost is like the running of  the son of . And the  said, He is a good man, and cometh with good tidings.

 And  called, and said unto the , All is well. And he fell down to the earth upon his face before the , and said, Blessed be the LORD thy God, which hath delivered up the men that lifted up their hand against my lord the .

 And the  said, Is the young man  safe? And  answered, When  sent the king's servant, and me thy servant, I saw a great tumult, but I knew not what it was.

 And the  said unto him, Turn aside, and stand here. And he turned aside, and stood still.

 And, behold, Cushi came; and Cushi said, Tidings, my lord the : for the LORD hath avenged thee this day of all them that rose up against thee.

 And the  said unto Cushi, Is the young man  safe? And Cushi answered, The enemies of my lord the , and all that rise against thee to do thee hurt, be as that young man is.

 And the  was much moved, and went up to the  over the , and wept: and as he went, thus he said, O my son , my son, my son ! would God I had died for thee, O , my son, my son!
