King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel):
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
And the LORD sent  unto . And he came unto him, and said unto him, There were two men in one city; the one rich, and the other .

 The rich man had exceeding many flocks and herds:

 But the  man had nothing, save one little ewe , which he had bought and nourished up: and it grew up together with him, and with his children; it did eat of his own meat, and drank of his own , and lay in his , and was unto him as a daughter.

 And there came a traveller unto the rich man, and he spared to take of his own flock and of his own , to  for the wayfaring man that was come unto him; but took the  man's , and dressed it for the man that was come to him.

 And David's  was greatly kindled against the man; and he said to , As the LORD liveth, the man that hath done this thing shall surely die:

 And he shall restore the  fourfold, because he did this thing, and because he had no pity.

 And  said to , Thou art the man. Thus saith the LORD God of , I anointed thee  over , and I delivered thee out of the hand of ;

 And I gave thee thy master's house, and thy master's wives into thy , and gave thee the house of  and of ; and if that had been too little, I would moreover have given unto thee such and such things.

 Wherefore hast thou despised the commandment of the LORD, to do evil in his sight? thou hast killed  the Hittite with the , and hast taken his wife to be thy wife, and hast slain him with the  of the children of .

 Now therefore the  shall never depart from thine house; because thou hast despised me, and hast taken the wife of  the Hittite to be thy wife.

 Thus saith the LORD, Behold, I will raise up evil against thee out of thine own house, and I will take thy wives before thine eyes, and give them unto thy neighbour, and he shall lie with thy wives in the sight of this .

 For thou didst it secretly: but I will do this thing before all , and before the .

 And  said unto , I have sinned against the LORD. And  said unto , The LORD also hath put away thy ; thou shalt not die.

 Howbeit, because by this deed thou hast given great occasion to the enemies of the LORD to blaspheme, the child also that is born unto thee shall surely die.

 And  departed unto his house. And the LORD struck the child that Uriah's wife bare unto , and it was very sick.

  therefore besought God for the child; and  fasted, and went in, and lay all night upon the earth.

 And the elders of his house arose, and went to him, to raise him up from the earth: but he would not, neither did he eat  with them.

 And it came to pass on the seventh day, that the child died. And the servants of  feared to tell him that the child was dead: for they said, Behold, while the child was yet alive, we spake unto him, and he would not hearken unto our voice: how will he then vex himself, if we tell him that the child is dead?

 But when  saw that his servants whispered,  perceived that the child was dead: therefore  said unto his servants, Is the child dead? And they said, He is dead.

 Then  arose from the earth, and washed, and anointed himself, and changed his , and came into the house of the LORD, and worshipped: then he came to his own house; and when he required, they set  before him, and he did eat.

 Then said his servants unto him, What thing is this that thou hast done? thou didst  and weep for the child, while it was alive; but when the child was dead, thou didst rise and eat .

 And he said, While the child was yet alive, I fasted and wept: for I said, Who can tell whether GOD will be gracious to me, that the child may live?

 But now he is dead, wherefore should I ? can I bring him back again? I shall go to him, but he shall not return to me.

 And  comforted Bathsheba his wife, and went in unto her, and lay with her: and she bare a son, and he called his name : and the LORD loved him.

 And he sent by the hand of  the ; and he called his name , because of the LORD.

 And  fought against  of the children of , and took the royal city.

 And  sent messengers to , and said, I have fought against , and have taken the city of waters.

 Now therefore gather the rest of the people together, and  against the city, and take it: lest I take the city, and it be called after my name.

 And  gathered all the people together, and went to , and fought against it, and took it.

 And he took their king's  from off his head, the weight whereof was a  of  with the precious stones: and it was set on David's head. And he brought forth the spoil of the city in great abundance.

 And he brought forth the people that were therein, and put them under saws, and under harrows of , and under axes of , and made them pass through the brick-kiln: and thus did he unto all the cities of the children of . So  and all the people returned unto .
