King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel):
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
Again,  gathered together all the  men of , thirty thousand.

 And  arose, and went with all the people that were with him from Baale of , to bring up from thence the  of God, whose name is called by the name of the LORD of hosts that dwelleth between the cherubims.

 And they set the  of God upon a new , and brought it out of the house of  that was in : and  and , the sons of , drave the new .

 And they brought it out of the house of  which was at , accompanying the  of God: and  went before the .

 And  and all the house of  played before the LORD on all manner of instruments made of  , even on harps, and on psalteries, and on timbrels, and on cornets, and on .

 And when they came to Nachon's threshingfloor,  put forth his hand to the  of God, and took hold of it; for the oxen shook it.

 And the  of the LORD was kindled against ; and God smote him there for his error; and there he died by the  of God.

 And  was displeased, because the LORD had made a  upon : and he called the name of the place Perezuzzah to this day.

 And  was afraid of the LORD that day, and said, How shall the  of the LORD come to me?

 So  would not remove the  of the LORD unto him into the city of : but  carried it aside into the house of Obededom the .

 And the  of the LORD continued in the house of Obededom the  three months: and the LORD blessed Obededom, and all his household.

 And it was told  , saying, The LORD hath blessed the house of Obededom, and all that pertaineth unto him, because of the  of God. So  went and brought up the  of God from the house of Obededom into the city of  with gladness.

 And it was so, that when they that bare the  of the LORD had gone six paces, he sacrificed oxen and fatlings.

 And  danced before the LORD with all his might; and  was girded with a  .

 So  and all the house of  brought up the  of the LORD with shouting, and with the sound of the trumpet.

 And as the  of the LORD came into the city of ,  Saul's daughter looked through a window, and saw   leaping and dancing before the LORD; and she despised him in her heart.

 And they brought in the  of the LORD, and set it in his place, in the midst of the  that  had pitched for it: and  offered burnt offerings and peace offerings before the LORD.

 And as soon as  had made an end of  burnt offerings and peace offerings, he blessed the people in the name of the LORD of hosts.

 And he dealt among all the people, even among the whole multitude of , as well to the women as men, to every one a  of , and a good piece of , and a  of . So all the people departed every one to his house.

 Then  returned to  his household. And  the daughter of  came out to meet , and said, How glorious was the  of  to day, who uncovered himself to day in the eyes of the handmaids of his servants, as one of the vain fellows shamelessly uncovereth himself!

 And  said unto , It was before the LORD, which chose me before thy father, and before all his house, to appoint me ruler over the people of the LORD, over : therefore will I play before the LORD.

 And I will yet be more vile than thus, and will be base in mine own sight: and of the maidservants which thou hast spoken of, of them shall I be had in honour.

 Therefore  the daughter of  had no child unto the day of her death.
