King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel):
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
And it came to pass after this, that  the son of  had a fair sister, whose name was ; and  the son of  loved her.

 And  was so vexed, that he fell sick for his sister ; for she was a ; and  thought it hard for him to do anything to her.

 But  had a friend, whose name was , the son of  David's brother: and  was a very subtil man.

 And he said unto him, Why art thou, being the king's son, lean from day to day? wilt thou not tell me? And  said unto him, I love , my brother Absalom's sister.

 And  said unto him, Lay thee down on thy bed, and make thyself sick: and when thy father cometh to see thee, say unto him, I pray thee, let my sister  come, and give me meat, and  the meat in my sight, that I may see it, and eat it at her hand.

 So  lay down, and made himself sick: and when the  was come to see him,  said unto the , I pray thee, let  my sister come, and make me a couple of cakes in my sight, that I may eat at her hand.

 Then  sent home to , saying, Go now to thy brother Amnon's house, and  him meat.

 So  went to her brother Amnon's house; and he was laid down. And she took , and kneaded it, and made cakes in his sight, and did  the cakes.

 And she took a , and poured them out before him; but he refused to eat. And  said, Have out all men from me. And they went out every man from him.

 And  said unto , Bring the meat into the , that I may eat of thine hand. And  took the cakes which she had made, and brought them into the  to  her brother.

 And when she had brought them unto him to eat, he took hold of her, and said unto her, Come lie with me, my sister.

 And she answered him, Nay, my brother, do not force me; for no such thing ought to be done in : do not thou this folly.

 And I, whither shall I cause my shame to go? and as for thee, thou shalt be as one of the fools in . Now therefore, I pray thee, speak unto the ; for he will not withhold me from thee.

 Howbeit he would not hearken unto her voice: but, being stronger than she, forced her, and lay with her.

 Then  hated her exceedingly; so that the  wherewith he hated her was greater than the love wherewith he had loved her. And  said unto her, Arise, be gone.

 And she said unto him, There is no cause: this evil in sending me away is greater than the other that thou didst unto me. But he would not hearken unto her.

 Then he called his servant that ministered unto him, and said, Put now this woman out from me, and bolt the door after her.

 And she had a garment of divers colours upon her: for with such robes were the king's daughters that were virgins apparelled. Then his servant brought her out, and bolted the door after her.

 And  put  on her head, and  her garment of divers colours that was on her, and laid her hand on her head, and went on crying.

 And  her brother said unto her, Hath  thy brother been with thee? but hold now thy peace, my sister: he is thy brother; regard not this thing. So  remained desolate in her brother Absalom's house.

 But when   heard of all these things, he was very wroth.

 And  spake unto his brother  neither good nor bad: for  hated , because he had forced his sister .

 And it came to pass after two full years, that  had sheepshearers in Baalhazor, which is beside : and  invited all the king's sons.

 And  came to the , and said, Behold now, thy servant hath sheepshearers; let the , I beseech thee, and his servants go with thy servant.

 And the  said to , Nay, my son, let us not all now go, lest we be chargeable unto thee. And he pressed him: howbeit he would not go, but blessed him.

 Then said , If not, I pray thee, let my brother  go with us. And the  said unto him, Why should he go with thee?

 But  pressed him, that he let  and all the king's sons go with him.

 Now  had commanded his servants, saying, Mark ye now when Amnon's heart is merry with , and when I say unto you, Smite ; then kill him, fear not: have not I commanded you? be courageous, and be valiant.

 And the servants of  did unto  as  had commanded. Then all the king's sons arose, and every man gat him up upon his , and fled.

 And it came to pass, while they were in the way, that tidings came to , saying,  hath slain all the king's sons, and there is not one of them left.

 Then the  arose, and tare his garments, and lay on the earth; and all his servants stood by with their clothes .

 And , the son of  David's brother, answered and said, Let not my lord suppose that they have slain all the young men the king's sons; for  only is dead: for by the appointment of  this hath been determined from the day that he forced his sister .

 Now therefore let not my lord the  take the thing to his heart, to think that all the king's sons are dead: for  only is dead.

 But  fled. And the young man that kept the watch lifted up his eyes, and looked, and, behold, there came much people by the way of the hill side behind him.

 And  said unto the , Behold, the king's sons come: as thy servant said, so it is.

 And it came to pass, as soon as he had made an end of speaking, that, behold, the king's sons came, and lifted up their voice and wept: and the  also and all his servants wept very sore.

 But  fled, and went to , the son of ,  of . And  mourned for his son every day.

 So  fled, and went to , and was there three years.

 And the soul of   longed to go forth unto : for he was comforted concerning , seeing he was dead.
