King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel):
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
Now these be the last words of .  the son of  said, and the man who was raised up on high, the anointed of the God of , and the sweet psalmist of , said,

 The  of the LORD spake by me, and his word was in my tongue.

 The God of  said, the  of  spake to me, He that ruleth over men must be just, ruling in the fear of God.

 And he shall be as the light of the morning, when the  riseth, even a morning without clouds; as the tender  springing out of the earth by clear shining after .

 Although my house be not so with God; yet he hath made with me an  , ordered in all things, and sure: for this is all my , and all my desire, although he make it not to grow.

 But the sons of  shall be all of them as thorns thrust away, because they cannot be taken with hands:

 But the man that shall touch them must be fenced with  and the staff of a spear; and they shall be utterly burned with fire in the same place.

 These be the names of the mighty men whom  had: The  that sat in the seat, chief among the captains; the same was  the Eznite: he lift up his spear against eight hundred, whom he slew at one time.

 And after him was  the son of  the , one of the three mighty men with , when they defied the  that were there gathered together to battle, and the men of  were gone away:

 He arose, and smote the  until his hand was weary, and his hand clave unto the : and the LORD wrought a great victory that day; and the people returned after him only to spoil.

 And after him was  the son of  the Hararite. And the  were gathered together into a troop, where was a piece of ground full of : and the people fled from the .

 But he stood in the midst of the ground, and defended it, and slew the : and the LORD wrought a great victory.

 And three of the thirty chief went down, and came to  in the  time unto the  of : and the troop of the  pitched in the  of .

 And  was then in an hold, and the  of the  was then in .

 And  longed, and said, Oh that one would give me  of the water of the well of , which is by the !

 And the three mighty men brake through the  of the , and drew water out of the well of , that was by the , and took it, and brought it to : nevertheless he would not  thereof, but poured it out unto the LORD.

 And he said, Be it far from me, O LORD, that I should do this: is not this the  of the men that went in jeopardy of their lives? therefore he would not  it. These things did these three mighty men.

 And , the brother of , the son of , was chief among three. And he lifted up his spear against three hundred, and slew them, and had the name among three.

 Was he not most honourable of three? therefore he was their captain: howbeit he attained not unto the first three.

 And  the son of , the son of a valiant man, of , who had done many acts, he slew two lionlike men of : he went down also and slew a lion in the midst of a  in time of :

 And he slew an Egyptian, a goodly man: and the Egyptian had a spear in his hand; but he went down to him with a staff, and plucked the spear out of the Egyptian's hand, and slew him with his own spear.

 These things did  the son of , and had the name among three mighty men.

 He was more honourable than the thirty, but he attained not to the first three. And  set him over his .

  the brother of  was one of the thirty;  the son of  of ,

  the ,  the ,

  the ,  the son of Ikkesh the Tekoite,

  the Anethothite,  the Hushathite,

  the , Maharai the Netophathite,

  the son of , a Netophathite,  the son of Ribai out of  of the children of ,

  the ,  of the brooks of ,

 Abialbon the ,  the Barhumite,

 Eliahba the Shaalbonite, of the sons of , ,

  the Hararite,  the son of Sharar the Hararite,

  the son of Ahasbai, the son of the Maachathite,  the son of  the Gilonite,

 Hezrai the Carmelite,  the Arbite,

  the son of  of ,  the Gadite,

  the , Nahari the Beerothite, armourbearer to  the son of ,

  an ,  an ,

  the Hittite: thirty and  in all.
