King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel):
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
And it came to pass after this, that the  of the children of  died, and  his son reigned in his stead.

 Then said , I will shew kindness unto  the son of , as his father shewed kindness unto me. And  sent to comfort him by the hand of his servants for his father. And David's servants came into the land of the children of .

 And the princes of the children of  said unto  their lord, Thinkest thou that  doth honour thy father, that he hath sent comforters unto thee? hath not  rather sent his servants unto thee, to search the city, and to spy it out, and to overthrow it?

 Wherefore  took David's servants, and shaved off the one half of their beards, and cut off their garments in the middle, even to their buttocks, and sent them away.

 When they told it unto , he sent to meet them, because the men were greatly ashamed: and the  said, Tarry at  until your beards be grown, and then return.

 And when the children of  saw that they stank before , the children of  sent and hired the Syrians of Bethrehob and the Syrians of Zoba, twenty thousand footmen, and of  Maacah a thousand men, and of  twelve thousand men.

 And when  heard of it, he sent , and all the  of the mighty men.

 And the children of  came out, and put the battle in array at the entering in of the : and the Syrians of Zoba, and of , and , and Maacah, were by themselves in the field.

 When  saw that the front of the battle was against him before and behind, he chose of all the choice men of , and put them in array against the Syrians:

 And the rest of the people he delivered into the hand of  his brother, that he might put them in array against the children of .

 And he said, If the Syrians be too strong for me, then thou shalt help me: but if the children of  be too strong for thee, then I will come and help thee.

 Be of good courage, and let us play the men for our people, and for the cities of our God: and the LORD do that which seemeth him good.

 And  drew nigh, and the people that were with him, unto the battle against the Syrians: and they fled before him.

 And when the children of  saw that the Syrians were fled, then fled they also before , and entered into the city. So  returned from the children of , and came to .

 And when the Syrians saw that they were smitten before , they gathered themselves together.

 And  sent, and brought out the Syrians that were beyond the river: and they came to ; and  the captain of the  of  went before them.

 And when it was told , he gathered all  together, and passed over , and came to . And the Syrians set themselves in array against , and fought with him.

 And the Syrians fled before ; and  slew the men of  hundred chariots of the Syrians, and forty thousand horsemen, and smote  the captain of their , who died there.

 And when all the kings that were servants to  saw that they were smitten before , they made peace with , and served them. So the Syrians feared to help the children of  any more.
