King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel):
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
Now there was long war between the house of  and the house of : but  waxed stronger and stronger, and the house of  waxed weaker and weaker.

 And unto  were sons born in : and his firstborn was , of  the Jezreelitess;

 And his second, , of  the wife of  the Carmelite; and the third,  the son of Maacah the daughter of   of ;

 And the fourth,  the son of ; and the fifth,  the son of ;

 And the sixth, Ithream, by  David's wife. These were born to  in .

 And it came to pass, while there was war between the house of  and the house of , that  made himself strong for the house of .

 And  had a , whose name was , the daughter of Aiah: and Ishbosheth said to , Wherefore hast thou gone in unto my father's ?

 Then was  very wroth for the words of Ishbosheth, and said, Am I a dog's head, which against  do shew kindness this day unto the house of  thy father, to his brethren, and to his friends, and have not delivered thee into the hand of , that thou chargest me to day with a fault concerning this woman?

 So do God to , and more also, except, as the LORD hath sworn to , even so I do to him;

 To translate the kingdom from the house of , and to set up the  of  over  and over , from  even to .

 And he could not answer  a word again, because he feared him.

 And  sent messengers to  on his behalf, saying, Whose is the land? saying also, Make thy  with me, and, behold, my hand shall be with thee, to bring about all  unto thee.

 And he said, Well; I will make a  with thee: but one thing I require of thee, that is, Thou shalt not see my face, except thou first bring  Saul's daughter, when thou comest to see my face.

 And  sent messengers to Ishbosheth Saul's son, saying, Deliver me my wife , which I espoused to me for an hundred foreskins of the .

 And Ishbosheth sent, and took her from her husband, even from  the son of .

 And her husband went with her along weeping behind her to . Then said  unto him, Go, return. And he returned.

 And  had communication with the elders of , saying, Ye sought for  in times past to be  over you:

 Now then do it: for the LORD hath spoken of , saying, By the hand of my servant  I will save my people  out of the hand of the , and out of the hand of all their enemies.

 And  also spake in the ears of : and  went also to speak in the ears of  in  all that seemed good to , and that seemed good to the whole house of .

 So  came to  to , and twenty men with him. And  made  and the men that were with him a .

 And  said unto , I will arise and go, and will gather all  unto my lord the , that they may make a  with thee, and that thou mayest reign over all that thine heart desireth. And  sent  away; and he went in peace.

 And, behold, the servants of  and  came from pursuing a troop, and brought in a great spoil with them: but  was not with  in ; for he had sent him away, and he was gone in peace.

 When  and all the  that was with him were come, they told , saying,  the son of  came to the , and he hath sent him away, and he is gone in peace.

 Then  came to the , and said, What hast thou done? behold,  came unto thee; why is it that thou hast sent him away, and he is quite gone?

 Thou knowest  the son of , that he came to deceive thee, and to know thy going out and thy coming in, and to know all that thou doest.

 And when  was come out from , he sent messengers after , which brought him again from the well of : but  knew it not.

 And when  was returned to ,  took him aside in the  to speak with him quietly, and smote him there under the fifth rib, that he died, for the  of  his brother.

 And afterward when  heard it, he said, I and my kingdom are guiltless before the LORD for ever from the  of  the son of :

 Let it rest on the head of , and on all his father's house; and let there not fail from the house of  one that hath an issue, or that is a leper, or that leaneth on a staff, or that falleth on the , or that lacketh .

 So , and  his brother slew , because he had slain their brother  at  in the battle.

 And  said to , and to all the people that were with him, Rend your clothes, and gird you with , and  before . And   himself followed the .

 And they buried  in : and the  lifted up his voice, and wept at the  of ; and all the people wept.

 And the  lamented over , and said, Died  as a fool dieth?

 Thy hands were not bound, nor thy feet put into fetters: as a man falleth before wicked men, so fellest thou. And all the people wept again over him.

 And when all the people came to cause  to eat meat while it was yet day,  sware, saying, So do God to me, and more also, if I taste , or ought else, till the  be down.

 And all the people took notice of it, and it pleased them: as whatsoever the  did pleased all the people.

 For all the people and all  understood that day that it was not of the  to slay  the son of .

 And the  said unto his servants, Know ye not that there is a  and a great man fallen this day in ?

 And I am this day weak, though anointed ; and these men the sons of  be too hard for me: the LORD shall reward the doer of evil according to his wickedness.
