King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel):
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
And it came to pass after this, that  prepared him chariots and horses, and fifty men to run before him.

 And  rose up early, and stood beside the way of the : and it was so, that when any man that had a controversy came to the  for judgment, then  called unto him, and said, Of what city art thou? And he said, Thy servant is of one of the tribes of .

 And  said unto him, See, thy matters are good and right; but there is no man deputed of the  to hear thee.

  said moreover, Oh that I were made  in the land, that every man which hath any suit or cause might come unto me, and I would do him !

 And it was so, that when any man came nigh to him to do him , he put forth his hand, and took him, and kissed him.

 And on this manner did  to all  that came to the  for judgment: so  stole the hearts of the men of .

 And it came to pass after forty years, that  said unto the , I pray thee, let me go and pay my vow, which I have vowed unto the LORD, in .

 For thy servant vowed a vow while I abode at  in , saying, If the LORD shall bring me again indeed to , then I will serve the LORD.

 And the  said unto him, Go in peace. So he arose, and went to .

 But  sent  throughout all the tribes of , saying, As soon as ye hear the sound of the trumpet, then ye shall say,  reigneth in .

 And with  went two hundred men out of , that were called; and they went in their simplicity, and they knew not any thing.

 And  sent for  the Gilonite, David's , from his city, even from , while he offered sacrifices. And the conspiracy was strong; for the people increased continually with .

 And there came a  to , saying, The hearts of the men of  are after .

 And  said unto all his servants that were with him at , Arise, and let us flee; for we shall not else escape from : make speed to depart, lest he overtake us suddenly, and bring evil upon us, and smite the city with the edge of the .

 And the king's servants said unto the , Behold, thy servants are ready to do whatsoever my lord the  shall appoint.

 And the  went forth, and all his household after him. And the  left ten women, which were concubines, to keep the house.

 And the  went forth, and all the people after him, and tarried in a place that was far off.

 And all his servants passed on beside him; and all the Cherethites, and all the , and all the Gittites, six hundred men which came after him from , passed on before the .

 Then said the  to  the , Wherefore goest thou also with us? return to thy place, and abide with the : for thou art a , and also an .

 Whereas thou camest but yesterday, should I this day make thee go up and down with us? seeing I go whither I may, return thou, and take back thy brethren:  and truth be with thee.

 And  answered the , and said, As the LORD liveth, and as my lord the  liveth, surely in what place my lord the  shall be, whether in death or life, even there also will thy servant be.

 And  said to , Go and pass over. And  the  passed over, and all his men, and all the little ones that were with him.

 And all the country wept with a loud voice, and all the people passed over: the  also himself passed over the  , and all the people passed over, toward the way of the .

 And lo  also, and all the Levites were with him, bearing the  of the  of God: and they set down the  of God; and  went up, until all the people had done passing out of the city.

 And the  said unto , Carry back the  of God into the city: if I shall find favour in the eyes of the LORD, he will bring me again, and shew me both it, and his :

 But if he thus say, I have no delight in thee; behold, here am I, let him do to me as seemeth good unto him.

 The  said also unto  the , Art not thou a ? return into the city in peace, and your two sons with you,  thy son, and  the son of .

 See, I will tarry in the  of the , until there come word from you to certify me.

  therefore and  carried the  of God again to : and they tarried there.

 And  went up by the ascent of  Olivet, and wept as he went up, and had his head covered, and he went : and all the people that was with him covered every man his head, and they went up, weeping as they went up.

 And one told , saying,  is among the conspirators with . And  said, O LORD, I pray thee, turn the counsel of  into foolishness.

 And it came to pass, that when  was come to the top of the , where he worshipped God, behold,  the  came to meet him with his  , and earth upon his head:

 Unto whom  said, If thou passest on with me, then thou shalt be a  unto me:

 But if thou return to the city, and say unto , I will be thy servant, O ; as I have been thy father's servant hitherto, so will I now also be thy servant: then mayest thou for me defeat the counsel of .

 And hast thou not there with thee  and  the priests?  therefore it shall be, that what thing soever thou shalt hear out of the king's house, thou shalt tell it to  and  the priests.

 Behold, they have there with them their two sons,  Zadok's son, and  Abiathar's son; and by them ye shall send unto me every thing that ye can hear.

 So  David's friend came into the city, and  came into .
