King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel):
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
Then there was a  in the days of  three years, year after year; and  enquired of the LORD. And the LORD answered, It is for , and for his bloody house, because he slew the Gibeonites.

 And the  called the Gibeonites, and said unto them; (now the Gibeonites were not of the children of , but of the remnant of the ; and the children of  had sworn unto them: and  sought to slay them in his  to the children of  and .)

 Wherefore  said unto the Gibeonites, What shall I do for you?  and wherewith shall I make the , that ye may  the inheritance of the LORD?

 And the Gibeonites said unto him, We will have no  nor  of , nor of his house; neither for us shalt thou kill any man in . And he said, What ye shall say, that will I do for you.

 And they answered the , The man that consumed us, and that devised against us that we should be destroyed from remaining in any of the coasts of ,

 Let  men of his sons be delivered unto us, and we will hang them up unto the LORD in  of , whom the LORD did choose. And the  said, I will give them.

 But the  spared , the son of  the son of , because of the LORD's  that was between them, between  and  the son of .

 But the  took the two sons of  the daughter of Aiah, whom she bare unto ,  and ; and the five sons of  the daughter of , whom she brought up for  the son of  the Meholathite:

 And he delivered them into the hands of the Gibeonites, and they hanged them in the hill before the LORD: and they fell all  together, and were put to death in the days of , in the first days, in the beginning of  .

 And  the daughter of Aiah took , and spread it for her upon the , from the beginning of  until water dropped upon them out of , and suffered neither the birds of the air to rest on them by day, nor the beasts of the field by night.

 And it was told  what  the daughter of Aiah, the  of , had done.

 And  went and took the bones of  and the bones of  his son from the men of Jabeshgilead, which had stolen them from the street of Bethshan, where the  had hanged them, when the  had slain  in :

 And he brought up from thence the bones of  and the bones of  his son; and they gathered the bones of them that were hanged.

 And the bones of  and  his son buried they in the country of  in , in the  of  his father: and they performed all that the  commanded. And after that God was intreated for the land.

 Moreover the  had yet war again with ; and  went down, and his servants with him, and fought against the : and  waxed faint.

 And Ishbibenob, which was of the sons of the giant, the weight of whose spear weighed three hundred shekels of  in weight, he being girded with a new , thought to have slain .

 But  the son of  succoured him, and smote the Philistine, and killed him. Then the men of  sware unto him, saying, Thou shalt go no more out with us to battle, that thou quench not the light of .

 And it came to pass after this, that there was again a battle with the  at : then Sibbechai the Hushathite slew , which was of the sons of the giant.

 And there was again a battle in  with the , where  the son of Jaareoregim, a Bethlehemite, slew the brother of  the , the staff of whose spear was like a weaver's .

 And there was yet a battle in , where was a man of great stature, that had on every hand six fingers, and on every foot six toes, four and twenty in number; and he also was born to the giant.

 And when he defied ,  the son of  the brother of  slew him.

 These four were born to the giant in , and fell by the hand of , and by the hand of his servants.
