King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel):
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
Now  the son of  perceived that the king's heart was toward .

 And  sent to Tekoah, and fetched thence a  woman, and said unto her, I pray thee, feign thyself to be a mourner, and put on now mourning , and  not thyself with oil, but be as a woman that had a long time mourned for the dead:

 And come to the , and speak on this manner unto him. So  put the words in her mouth.

 And when the woman of Tekoah spake to the , she fell on her face to the ground, and did , and said, Help, O .

 And the  said unto her, What aileth thee? And she answered, I am indeed a widow woman, and mine husband is dead.

 And thy  had two sons, and they two strove together in the field, and there was none to part them, but the one smote the other, and slew him.

 And, behold, the whole family is risen against thine , and they said, Deliver him that smote his brother, that we may kill him, for the life of his brother whom he slew; and we will destroy the  also: and so they shall quench my  which is left, and shall not leave to my husband neither name nor remainder upon the earth.

 And the  said unto the woman, Go to thine house, and I will give charge concerning thee.

 And the woman of Tekoah said unto the , My lord, O , the iniquity be on me, and on my father's house: and the  and his  be guiltless.

 And the  said, Whoever saith ought unto thee, bring him to me, and he shall not touch thee any more.

 Then said she, I pray thee, let the  remember the LORD thy God, that thou wouldest not suffer the revengers of  to destroy any more, lest they destroy my son. And he said, As the LORD liveth, there shall not one hair of thy son fall to the earth.

 Then the woman said, Let thine , I pray thee, speak one word unto my lord the . And he said, Say on.

 And the woman said, Wherefore then hast thou thought such a thing against the people of God? for the  doth speak this thing as one which is faulty, in that the  doth not fetch home again his banished.

 For we must needs die, and are as water spilt on the ground, which cannot be gathered up again; neither doth God respect any person: yet doth he devise means, that his banished be not expelled from him.

 Now therefore that I am come to speak of this thing unto my lord the , it is because the people have made me afraid: and thy  said, I will now speak unto the ; it may be that the  will perform the request of his .

 For the  will hear, to deliver his  out of the hand of the man that would destroy me and my son together out of the inheritance of God.

 Then thine  said, The word of my lord the  shall now be comfortable: for as an  of God, so is my lord the  to discern good and bad: therefore the LORD thy God will be with thee.

 Then the  answered and said unto the woman, Hide not from me, I pray thee, the thing that I shall ask thee. And the woman said, Let my lord the  now speak.

 And the  said, Is not the hand of  with thee in all this?  And the woman answered and said, As thy soul liveth, my lord the , none can turn to the right hand or to the left from ought that my lord the  hath spoken: for thy servant , he bade me, and he put all these words in the mouth of thine :

 To fetch about this form of speech hath thy servant  done this thing: and my lord is , according to the wisdom of an  of God, to know all things that are in the earth.

 And the  said unto , Behold now, I have done this thing: go therefore, bring the young man  again.

 And  fell to the ground on his face, and bowed himself, and thanked the : and  said, To day thy servant knoweth that I have found  in thy sight, my lord, O , in that the  hath fulfilled the request of his servant.

 So  arose and went to , and brought  to .

 And the  said, Let him turn to his own house, and let him not see my face. So  returned to his own house, and saw not the king's face.

 But in all  there was none to be so much praised as  for his beauty: from the sole of his foot even to the  of his head there was no  in him.

 And when he polled his head, (for it was at every year's end that he polled it: because the hair was heavy on him, therefore he polled it:) he weighed the hair of his head at two hundred shekels after the king's weight.

 And unto  there were born three sons, and one daughter, whose name was : she was a woman of a fair countenance.

 So  dwelt two full years in , and saw not the king's face.

 Therefore  sent for , to have sent him to the ; but he would not come to him: and when he sent again the second time, he would not come.

 Therefore he said unto his servants, See, Joab's field is near mine, and he hath  there; go and set it on fire. And Absalom's servants set the field on fire.

 Then  arose, and came to  unto his house, and said unto him, Wherefore have thy servants set my field on fire?

 And  answered , Behold, I sent unto thee, saying, Come hither, that I may send thee to the , to say, Wherefore am I come from ? it had been good for me to have been there still: now therefore let me see the king's face; and if there be any iniquity in me, let him kill me.

 So  came to the , and told him: and when he had called for , he came to the , and bowed himself on his face to the ground before the : and the  kissed .
