King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel):
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
And after this it came to pass that  smote the , and subdued them: and  took Methegammah out of the hand of the .

 And he smote , and measured them with a line, casting them down to the ground; even with two  measured he to put to death, and with one full line to keep alive. And so the Moabites became David's servants, and brought gifts.

  smote also , the son of ,  of , as he went to recover his border at the river .

 And  took from him a thousand chariots, and  hundred horsemen, and twenty thousand footmen: and  houghed all the  horses, but reserved of them for an hundred chariots.

 And when the Syrians of  came to succour   of ,  slew of the Syrians two and twenty thousand men.

 Then  put garrisons in  of : and the Syrians became servants to , and brought gifts. And the LORD preserved  whithersoever he went.

 And  took the shields of  that were on the servants of , and brought them to .

 And from , and from Berothai, cities of ,   took exceeding much .

 When   of  heard that  had smitten all the  of ,

 Then  sent  his son unto  , to salute him, and to  him, because he had fought against , and smitten him: for  had wars with . And  brought with him vessels of , and vessels of , and vessels of :

 Which also   did dedicate unto the LORD, with the  and  that he had dedicated of all nations which he subdued;

 Of , and of , and of the children of , and of the , and of , and of the spoil of , son of ,  of .

 And  gat him a name when he returned from smiting of the Syrians in the  of , being eighteen thousand men.

 And he put garrisons in ; throughout all  put he garrisons, and all they of  became David's servants. And the LORD preserved  whithersoever he went.

 And  reigned over all ; and  executed judgment and  unto all his people.

 And  the son of  was over the ; and  the son of Ahilud was ;

 And  the son of , and  the son of , were the priests; and  was the scribe;

 And  the son of  was over both the Cherethites and the ; and David's sons were chief rulers.
