King James Version:
Chronicles:
Chronicles Chapter
King James Version:
Chronicles Chapter
Thus all the work that  made for the house of the LORD was finished: and  brought in all the things that  his father had dedicated; and the , and the , and all the instruments, put he among the treasures of the house of God.

 Then  assembled the elders of , and all the heads of the tribes, the chief of the fathers of the children of , unto , to bring up the  of the  of the LORD out of the city of , which is .

 Wherefore all the men of  assembled themselves unto the  in the  which was in the seventh month.

 And all the elders of  came; and the Levites took up the .

 And they brought up the , and the  of the , and all the holy vessels that were in the , these did the priests and the Levites bring up.

 Also  , and all the  of  that were assembled unto him before the , sacrificed  and oxen, which could not be told nor numbered for multitude.

 And the priests brought in the  of the  of the LORD unto his place, to the  of the house, into the most holy place, even under the wings of the cherubims:

 For the cherubims spread forth their wings over the place of the , and the cherubims covered the  and the staves thereof above.

 And they drew out the staves of the , that the ends of the staves were seen from the  before the ; but they were not seen without. And there it is unto this day.

 There was nothing in the  save the two  which  put therein at , when the LORD made a  with the children of , when they came out of .

 And it came to pass, when the priests were come out of the holy place: (for all the priests that were present were sanctified, and did not then wait by course:

 Also the Levites which were the singers, all of them of , of , of , with their sons and their brethren, being arrayed in white , having  and psalteries and harps, stood at the  end of the , and with them an hundred and twenty priests sounding with :)

 It came even to pass, as the trumpeters and singers were as one, to make one sound to be heard in praising and thanking the LORD; and when they lifted up their voice with the  and  and instruments of musick, and praised the LORD, saying, For he is good; for his  endureth for ever: that then the house was filled with a , even the house of the LORD;

 So that the priests could not stand to  by reason of the : for the  of the LORD had filled the house of God.
