King James Version:
Chronicles:
Chronicles Chapter
King James Version:
Chronicles Chapter
And  sent to all  and , and wrote letters also to  and , that they should come to the house of the LORD at , to keep the  unto the LORD God of .

 For the  had taken counsel, and his princes, and all the  in , to keep the  in the second month.

 For they could not keep it at that time, because the priests had not sanctified themselves sufficiently, neither had the people gathered themselves together to .

 And the thing pleased the  and all the .

 So they established a decree to make proclamation throughout all , from  even to , that they should come to keep the  unto the LORD God of  at : for they had not done it of a long time in such sort as it was written.

 So the posts went with the letters from the  and his princes throughout all  and , and according to the commandment of the , saying, Ye children of , turn again unto the LORD God of , , and , and he will return to the remnant of you, that are escaped out of the hand of the kings of .

 And be not ye like your fathers, and like your brethren, which trespassed against the LORD God of their fathers, who therefore gave them up to desolation, as ye see.

 Now be ye not stiffnecked, as your fathers were, but yield yourselves unto the LORD, and enter into his , which he hath sanctified for ever: and serve the LORD your God, that the fierceness of his wrath may turn away from you.

 For if ye turn again unto the LORD, your brethren and your children shall find compassion before them that lead them , so that they shall come again into this land: for the LORD your God is gracious and merciful, and will not turn away his face from you, if ye return unto him.

 So the posts passed from city to city through the country of  and  even unto : but they laughed them to scorn, and mocked them.

 Nevertheless divers of  and  and of  humbled themselves, and came to .

 Also in  the hand of God was to give them one heart to do the commandment of the  and of the princes, by the word of the LORD.

 And there assembled at  much people to keep the  of unleavened  in the second month, a very great .

 And they arose and took away the altars that were in , and all the altars for  took they away, and cast them into the  .

 Then they killed the  on the fourteenth day of the second month: and the priests and the Levites were ashamed, and sanctified themselves, and brought in the burnt offerings into the house of the LORD.

 And they stood in their place after their manner, according to the law of  the man of God: the priests sprinkled the , which they received of the hand of the Levites.

 For there were many in the  that were not sanctified: therefore the Levites had the charge of the killing of the passovers for every one that was not , to sanctify them unto the LORD.

 For a multitude of the people, even many of , and , , and , had not cleansed themselves, yet did they eat the  otherwise than it was written. But  prayed for them, saying, The good LORD  every one

 That prepareth his heart to seek God, the LORD God of his fathers, though he be not cleansed according to the  of the .

 And the LORD hearkened to , and healed the people.

 And the children of  that were present at  kept the  of unleavened   days with great gladness: and the Levites and the priests praised the LORD day by day, singing with loud instruments unto the LORD.

 And  spake comfortably unto all the Levites that taught the good knowledge of the LORD: and they did eat throughout the   days,  peace offerings, and making  to the LORD God of their fathers.

 And the whole assembly took counsel to keep other  days: and they kept other  days with gladness.

 For   of  did give to the  a thousand bullocks and  thousand ; and the princes gave to the  a thousand bullocks and ten thousand : and a great number of priests sanctified themselves.

 And all the  of , with the priests and the Levites, and all the  that came out of , and the strangers that came out of the land of , and that dwelt in , rejoiced.

 So there was great joy in : for since the time of  the son of   of  there was not the like in .

 Then the priests the Levites arose and blessed the people: and their voice was heard, and their  came up to his holy dwelling place, even unto .
