King James Version:
Chronicles:
Chronicles Chapter
King James Version:
Chronicles Chapter
And when  was come to , he gathered of the house of  and  an hundred and fourscore thousand  men, which were warriors, to fight against , that he might bring the kingdom again to .

 But the word of the LORD came to  the man of God, saying,

 Speak unto  the son of ,  of , and to all  in  and , saying,

 Thus saith the LORD, Ye shall not go up, nor fight against your brethren: return every man to his house: for this thing is done of me. And they obeyed the words of the LORD, and returned from going against .

 And  dwelt in , and built cities for defence in .

 He built even , and , and Tekoa,

 And , and , and ,

 And , and , and ,

 And Adoraim, and , and ,

 And , and Aijalon, and , which are in  and in  fenced cities.

 And he fortified the strong holds, and put captains in them, and store of victual, and of oil and .

 And in every several city he put shields and spears, and made them exceeding strong, having  and  on his side.

 And the priests and the Levites that were in all  resorted to him out of all their coasts.

 For the Levites left their  and their possession, and came to  and : for  and his sons had cast them off from executing the priest's office unto the LORD:

 And he ordained him priests for the high places, and for the devils, and for the calves which he had made.

 And after them out of all the tribes of  such as set their hearts to seek the LORD God of  came to , to  unto the LORD God of their fathers.

 So they strengthened the kingdom of , and made  the son of  strong, three years: for three years they walked in the way of  and .

 And  took him  the daughter of  the son of  to wife, and  the daughter of  the son of ;

 Which bare him children; , and Shamariah, and Zaham.

 And after her he took  the daughter of ; which bare him , and Attai, and , and Shelomith.

 And  loved  the daughter of  above all his wives and his concubines: (for he took eighteen wives, and threescore concubines; and begat twenty and eight sons, and threescore daughters.)

 And  made  the son of  the chief, to be ruler among his brethren: for he thought to make him .

 And he dealt wisely, and dispersed of all his children throughout all the countries of  and , unto every fenced city: and he gave them victual in abundance. And he desired many wives.
