King James Version:
Chronicles:
Chronicles Chapter
King James Version:
Chronicles Chapter
And  the son of  was strengthened in his kingdom, and the LORD his God was with him, and magnified him exceedingly.

 Then  spake unto all , to the captains of  and of hundreds, and to the judges, and to every governor in all , the chief of the fathers.

 So , and all the  with him, went to the high place that was at ; for there was the  of the  of God, which  the servant of the LORD had made in the .

 But the  of God had  brought up from Kirjathjearim to the place which  had prepared for it: for he had pitched a  for it at .

 Moreover the brasen , that  the son of Uri, the son of , had made, he put before the  of the LORD: and  and the  sought unto it.

 And  went up thither to the brasen  before the LORD, which was at the  of the , and offered a thousand burnt offerings upon it.

 In that night did God appear unto , and said unto him, Ask what I shall give thee.

 And  said unto God, Thou hast shewed great  unto  my father, and hast made me to reign in his stead.

 Now, O LORD God, let thy promise unto  my father be established: for thou hast made me  over a people like the  of the earth in multitude.

 Give me now wisdom and knowledge, that I may go out and come in before this people: for who can  this thy people, that is so great?

 And God said to , Because this was in thine heart, and thou hast not asked riches, wealth, or honour, nor the life of thine enemies, neither yet hast asked long life; but hast asked wisdom and knowledge for thyself, that thou mayest  my people, over whom I have made thee :

 Wisdom and knowledge is granted unto thee; and I will give thee riches, and wealth, and honour, such as none of the kings have had that have been before thee, neither shall there any after thee have the like.

 Then  came from his  to the high place that was at  to , from before the  of the , and reigned over .

 And  gathered chariots and horsemen: and he had a thousand and four hundred chariots, and twelve thousand horsemen, which he placed in the  cities, and with the  at .

 And the  made  and  at  as plenteous as stones, and  trees made he as the sycomore trees that are in the vale for abundance.

 And  had horses brought out of , and  : the king's merchants received the   at a price.

 And they fetched up, and brought forth out of  a  for six hundred shekels of , and an horse for an hundred and fifty: and so brought they out horses for all the kings of the , and for the kings of , by their means.
