King James Version:
Chronicles:
Chronicles Chapter
King James Version:
Chronicles Chapter
was eight years old when he began to reign, and he reigned in  one and thirty years.

 And he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD, and walked in the ways of  his father, and declined neither to the right hand, nor to the left.

 For in the eighth year of his reign, while he was yet young, he began to seek after the God of  his father: and in the twelfth year he began to purge  and  from the high places, and the groves, and the carved images, and the molten images.

 And they brake down the altars of  in his presence; and the images, that were on high above them, he cut down; and the groves, and the carved images, and the molten images, he brake in , and made  of them, and strowed it upon the graves of them that had sacrificed unto them.

 And he burnt the bones of the priests upon their altars, and cleansed  and .

 And so did he in the cities of , and , and , even unto , with their mattocks round about.

 And when he had broken down the altars and the groves, and had beaten the graven images into powder, and cut down all the idols throughout all the land of , he returned to .

 Now in the eighteenth year of his reign, when he had purged the land, and the house, he sent  the son of Azaliah, and  the governor of the city, and  the son of  the , to repair the house of the LORD his God.

 And when they came to  the high , they delivered the money that was brought into the house of God, which the Levites that kept the  had gathered of the hand of  and , and of all the remnant of , and of all  and ; and they returned to .

 And they put it in the hand of the workmen that had the oversight of the house of the LORD, and they gave it to the workmen that wrought in the house of the LORD, to repair and amend the house:

 Even to the artificers and builders gave they it, to buy hewn , and timber for couplings, and to floor the houses which the kings of  had destroyed.

 And the men did the work faithfully: and the overseers of them were  and , the Levites, of the sons of ; and  and , of the sons of the , to set it forward; and other of the Levites, all that could skill of instruments of musick.

 Also they were over the bearers of burdens, and were overseers of all that wrought the work in any manner of service: and of the Levites there were , and officers, and porters.

 And when they brought out the money that was brought into the house of the LORD,  the  found a book of the law of the LORD given by .

 And  answered and said to  the scribe, I have found the book of the law in the house of the LORD. And  delivered the book to .

 And  carried the book to the , and brought the  word back again, saying, All that was committed to thy servants, they do it.

 And they have gathered together the money that was found in the house of the LORD, and have delivered it into the hand of the overseers, and to the hand of the workmen.

 Then  the scribe told the , saying,  the  hath given me a book. And  read it before the .

 And it came to pass, when the  had heard the words of the law, that he  his clothes.

 And the  commanded , and  the son of , and  the son of , and  the scribe, and Asaiah a servant of the king's, saying,

 Go, enquire of the LORD for me, and for them that are left in  and in , concerning the words of the book that is found: for great is the wrath of the LORD that is poured out upon us, because our fathers have not kept the word of the LORD, to do after all that is written in this book.

 And , and they that the  had appointed, went to  the prophetess, the wife of  the son of Tikvath, the son of , keeper of the wardrobe; (now she dwelt in  in the college:) and they spake to her to that effect.

 And she answered them, Thus saith the LORD God of , Tell ye the man that sent you to me,

 Thus saith the LORD, Behold, I will bring evil upon this place, and upon the inhabitants thereof, even all the curses that are written in the book which they have read before the  of :

 Because they have forsaken me, and have burned  unto other gods, that they might provoke me to  with all the works of their hands; therefore my wrath shall be poured out upon this place, and shall not be quenched.

 And as for the  of , who sent you to enquire of the LORD, so shall ye say unto him, Thus saith the LORD God of  concerning the words which thou hast heard;

 Because thine heart was tender, and thou didst humble thyself before God, when thou heardest his words against this place, and against the inhabitants thereof, and humbledst thyself before me, and didst rend thy clothes, and weep before me; I have even heard thee also, saith the LORD.

 Behold, I will gather thee to thy fathers, and thou shalt be gathered to thy  in peace, neither shall thine eyes see all the evil that I will bring upon this place, and upon the inhabitants of the same. So they brought the  word again.

 Then the  sent and gathered together all the elders of  and .

 And the  went up into the house of the LORD, and all the men of , and the inhabitants of , and the priests, and the Levites, and all the people, great and small: and he read in their ears all the words of the book of the  that was found in the house of the LORD.

 And the  stood in his place, and made a  before the LORD, to walk after the LORD, and to keep his commandments, and his testimonies, and his statutes, with all his heart, and with all his soul, to perform the words of the  which are written in this book.

 And he caused all that were present in  and  to stand to it. And the inhabitants of  did according to the  of God, the God of their fathers.

 And  took away all the abominations out of all the countries that pertained to the children of , and made all that were present in  to serve, even to serve the LORD their God. And all his days they departed not from following the LORD, the God of their fathers.
