King James Version:
Chronicles:
Chronicles Chapter
King James Version:
Chronicles Chapter
was twenty and five years old when he began to reign, and he reigned twenty and nine years in . And his mother's name was  of .

 And he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD, but not with a perfect heart.

 Now it came to pass, when the kingdom was established to him, that he slew his servants that had killed the  his father.

 But he slew not their children, but did as it is written in the law in the book of , where the LORD commanded, saying, The fathers shall not die for the children, neither shall the children die for the fathers, but every man shall die for his own .

 Moreover  gathered  together, and made them captains over , and captains over hundreds, according to the houses of their fathers, throughout all  and : and he numbered them from twenty years old and above, and found them three hundred thousand choice men, able to go forth to war, that could handle spear and .

 He hired also an hundred thousand mighty men of valour out of  for an hundred talents of .

 But there came a man of God to him, saying, O , let not the army of  go with thee; for the LORD is not with , to wit, with all the children of .

 But if thou wilt go, do it; be strong for the battle: God shall make thee fall before the enemy: for God hath power to help, and to cast down.

 And  said to the man of God, But what shall we do for the hundred talents which I have given to the army of ? And the man of God answered, The LORD is able to give thee much more than this.

 Then  separated them, to wit, the army that was come to him out of , to go home again: wherefore their  was greatly kindled against , and they returned home in great .

 And  strengthened himself, and led forth his people, and went to the  of , and smote of the children of  ten thousand.

 And other ten thousand left alive did the children of  carry away , and brought them unto the top of the , and cast them down from the top of the , that they all were broken in .

 But the soldiers of the army which  sent back, that they should not go with him to battle, fell upon the cities of , from  even unto Bethhoron, and smote three thousand of them, and took much spoil.

 Now it came to pass, after that  was come from the slaughter of the Edomites, that he brought the gods of the children of , and set them up to be his gods, and bowed down himself before them, and burned  unto them.

 Wherefore the  of the LORD was kindled against , and he sent unto him a , which said unto him, Why hast thou sought after the gods of the people, which could not deliver their own people out of thine hand?

 And it came to pass, as he talked with him, that the  said unto him, Art thou made of the king's counsel? forbear; why shouldest thou be smitten? Then the  forbare, and said, I know that God hath determined to destroy thee, because thou hast done this, and hast not hearkened unto my counsel.

 Then   of  took advice, and sent to , the son of , the son of ,  of , saying, Come, let us see one another in the face.

 And   of  sent to   of , saying, The  that was in  sent to the  that was in , saying, Give thy daughter to my son to wife: and there passed by a wild  that was in , and trode down the .

 Thou sayest, Lo, thou hast smitten the Edomites; and thine heart lifteth thee up to boast: abide now at home; why shouldest thou meddle to thine hurt, that thou shouldest fall, even thou, and  with thee?

 But  would not hear; for it came of God, that he might deliver them into the hand of their enemies, because they sought after the gods of .

 So  the  of  went up; and they saw one another in the face, both he and   of , at Bethshemesh, which belongeth to .

 And  was put to the worse before , and they fled every man to his .

 And  the  of  took   of , the son of , the son of , at Bethshemesh, and brought him to , and brake down the wall of  from the  of  to the corner , four hundred cubits.

 And he took all the  and the , and all the vessels that were found in the house of God with Obededom, and the treasures of the king's house, the hostages also, and returned to .

 And  the son of   of  lived after the death of  son of   of  fifteen years.

 Now the rest of the acts of , first and last, behold, are they not written in the book of the kings of  and ?

 Now after the time that  did turn away from following the LORD they made a conspiracy against him in ; and he fled to : but they sent to  after him, and slew him there.

 And they brought him upon horses, and buried him with his fathers in the city of .
