King James Version:
Chronicles:
Chronicles Chapter
King James Version:
Chronicles Chapter
And  determined to build an house for the name of the LORD, and an house for his kingdom.

 And  told out threescore and ten thousand men to bear burdens, and fourscore thousand to hew in the mountain, and three thousand and six hundred to oversee them.

 And  sent to Huram the  of , saying, As thou didst deal with  my father, and didst send him cedars to build him an house to dwell therein, even so deal with me.

 Behold, I build an house to the name of the LORD my God, to dedicate it to him, and to burn before him sweet , and for the continual , and for the burnt offerings morning and evening, on the sabbaths, and on the new moons, and on the solemn feasts of the LORD our God. This is an ordinance for ever to .

 And the house which I build is great: for great is our God above all gods.

 But who is able to build him an house, seeing the  and  of heavens cannot contain him? who am I then, that I should build him an house, save only to burn  before him?

 Send me now therefore a man cunning to work in , and in , and in , and in , and in purple, and , and , and that can skill to  with the cunning men that are with me in  and in , whom  my father did provide.

 Send me also  trees,  trees, and  trees, out of : for I know that thy servants can skill to cut timber in ; and, behold, my servants shall be with thy servants,

 Even to prepare me timber in abundance: for the house which I am about to build shall be wonderful great.

 And, behold, I will give to thy servants, the hewers that cut timber, twenty thousand measures of beaten , and twenty thousand measures of , and twenty thousand  of , and twenty thousand  of oil.

 Then Huram the  of  answered in , which he sent to , Because the LORD hath loved his people, he hath made thee  over them.

 Huram said moreover, Blessed be the LORD God of , that made  and earth, who hath given to  the  a  son, endued with prudence and understanding, that might build an house for the LORD, and an house for his kingdom.

 And now I have sent a cunning man, endued with understanding, of Huram my father's,

 The son of a woman of the daughters of , and his father was a man of , skilful to work in , and in , in , in , in , and in timber, in purple, in , and in fine , and in ; also to  any manner of , and to find out every device which shall be put to him, with thy cunning men, and with the cunning men of my lord  thy father.

 Now therefore the , and the , the oil, and the , which my lord hath spoken of, let him send unto his servants:

 And we will cut  out of , as much as thou shalt need: and we will bring it to thee in floats by sea to ; and thou shalt carry it up to .

 And  numbered all the strangers that were in the land of , after the numbering wherewith  his father had numbered them; and they were found an hundred and fifty thousand and three thousand and six hundred.

 And he set threescore and ten thousand of them to be bearers of burdens, and fourscore thousand to be hewers in the mountain, and three thousand and six hundred overseers to set the people a work.
