King James Version:
Chronicles:
Chronicles Chapter
King James Version:
Chronicles Chapter
began to reign when he was five and twenty years old, and he reigned nine and twenty years in . And his mother's name was , the daughter of .

 And he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD, according to all that  his father had done.

 He in the first year of his reign, in the first month, opened the  of the house of the LORD, and repaired them.

 And he brought in the priests and the Levites, and gathered them together into the  street,

 And said unto them, Hear me, ye Levites, sanctify now yourselves, and sanctify the house of the LORD God of your fathers, and carry forth the filthiness out of the holy place.

 For our fathers have trespassed, and done that which was evil in the eyes of the LORD our God, and have forsaken him, and have turned away their faces from the  of the LORD, and turned their backs.

 Also they have shut up the  of the porch, and put out the lamps, and have not burned  nor offered burnt offerings in the holy place unto the God of .

 Wherefore the wrath of the LORD was upon  and , and he hath delivered them to trouble, to astonishment, and to hissing, as ye see with your eyes.

 For, lo, our fathers have fallen by the , and our sons and our daughters and our wives are in  for this.

 Now it is in mine heart to make a  with the LORD God of , that his fierce wrath may turn away from us.

 My sons, be not now negligent: for the LORD hath  you to stand before him, to serve him, and that ye should  unto him, and burn .

 Then the Levites arose,  the son of , and  the son of , of the sons of the : and of the sons of ,  the son of , and  the son of Jehalelel: and of the Gershonites;  the son of , and  the son of :

 And of the sons of Elizaphan; , and : and of the sons of ; , and :

 And of the sons of ; , and : and of the sons of ; , and .

 And they gathered their brethren, and sanctified themselves, and came, according to the commandment of the , by the words of the LORD, to cleanse the house of the LORD.

 And the priests went into the inner part of the house of the LORD, to cleanse it, and brought out all the uncleanness that they found in the  of the LORD into the court of the house of the LORD. And the Levites took it, to carry it out abroad into the  .

 Now they began on the first day of the first month to sanctify, and on the eighth day of the month came they to the porch of the LORD: so they sanctified the house of the LORD in eight days; and in the sixteenth day of the first month they made an end.

 Then they went in to  the , and said, We have cleansed all the house of the LORD, and the  of burnt , with all the vessels thereof, and the  table, with all the vessels thereof.

 Moreover all the vessels, which   in his reign did cast away in his transgression, have we prepared and sanctified, and, behold, they are before the  of the LORD.

 Then  the  rose early, and gathered the rulers of the city, and went up to the house of the LORD.

 And they brought  bullocks, and  rams, and  lambs, and  he goats, for a   for the kingdom, and for the , and for . And he commanded the priests the sons of  to offer them on the  of the LORD.

 So they killed the bullocks, and the priests received the , and sprinkled it on the : likewise, when they had killed the rams, they sprinkled the  upon the : they killed also the lambs, and they sprinkled the  upon the .

 And they brought forth the he goats for the   before the  and the ; and they laid their hands upon them:

 And the priests killed them, and they made  with their  upon the , to make an  for all : for the  commanded that the burnt  and the   should be made for all .

 And he set the Levites in the house of the LORD with , with psalteries, and with harps, according to the commandment of , and of  the king's , and  the : for so was the commandment of the LORD by his prophets.

 And the Levites stood with the instruments of , and the priests with the .

 And  commanded to offer the burnt  upon the . And when the burnt  began, the song of the LORD began also with the , and with the instruments ordained by   of .

 And all the  worshipped, and the singers sang, and the trumpeters sounded: and all this continued until the burnt  was finished.

 And when they had made an end of , the  and all that were present with him bowed themselves, and worshipped.

 Moreover  the  and the princes commanded the Levites to sing praise unto the LORD with the words of , and of  the . And they sang praises with gladness, and they bowed their heads and worshipped.

 Then  answered and said, Now ye have consecrated yourselves unto the LORD, come near and bring sacrifices and thank offerings into the house of the LORD. And the  brought in sacrifices and thank offerings; and as many as were of a free heart burnt offerings.

 And the number of the burnt offerings, which the  brought, was threescore and ten bullocks, an hundred rams, and two hundred lambs: all these were for a burnt  to the LORD.

 And the consecrated things were six hundred oxen and three thousand .

 But the priests were too few, so that they could not flay all the burnt offerings: wherefore their brethren the Levites did help them, till the work was ended, and until the other priests had sanctified themselves: for the Levites were more upright in heart to sanctify themselves than the priests.

 And also the burnt offerings were in abundance, with the  of the peace offerings, and the  offerings for every burnt . So the service of the house of the LORD was set in order.

 And  rejoiced, and all the people, that God had prepared the people: for the thing was done suddenly.
