King James Version:
Chronicles:
Chronicles Chapter
King James Version:
Chronicles Chapter
It came to pass after this also, that the children of , and the children of , and with them other beside the Ammonites, came against  to battle.

 Then there came some that told , saying, There cometh a great multitude against thee from beyond the sea on this side ; and, behold, they be in Hazazontamar, which is .

 And  feared, and set himself to seek the LORD, and proclaimed a  throughout all .

 And  gathered themselves together, to ask help of the LORD: even out of all the cities of  they came to seek the LORD.

 And  stood in the  of  and , in the house of the LORD, before the new court,

 And said, O LORD God of our fathers, art not thou God in ? and rulest not thou over all the kingdoms of the ? and in thine hand is there not power and might, so that none is able to withstand thee?

 Art not thou our God, who didst drive out the inhabitants of this land before thy people , and gavest it to the seed of  thy friend for ever?

 And they dwelt therein, and have built thee a  therein for thy name, saying,

 If, when evil cometh upon us, as the , judgment, or pestilence, or , we stand before this house, and in thy presence, (for thy name is in this house,) and cry unto thee in our affliction, then thou wilt hear and help.

 And now, behold, the children of  and  and  , whom thou wouldest not let  invade, when they came out of the land of , but they turned from them, and destroyed them not;

 Behold, I say, how they reward us, to come to cast us out of thy possession, which thou hast given us to inherit.

 O our God, wilt thou not  them? for we have no might against this great company that cometh against us; neither know we what to do: but our eyes are upon thee.

 And all  stood before the LORD, with their little ones, their wives, and their children.

 Then upon  the son of , the son of , the son of , the son of , a  of the sons of , came the  of the LORD in the midst of the ;

 And he said, Hearken ye, all , and ye inhabitants of , and thou  , Thus saith the LORD unto you, Be not afraid nor dismayed by reason of this great multitude; for the battle is not yours, but God's.

 To morrow go ye down against them: behold, they come up by the cliff of ; and ye shall find them at the end of the , before the  of .

 Ye shall not need to fight in this battle: set yourselves, stand ye still, and see the  of the LORD with you, O  and : fear not, nor be dismayed; to morrow go out against them: for the LORD will be with you.

 And  bowed his head with his face to the ground: and all  and the inhabitants of  fell before the LORD, worshipping the LORD.

 And the Levites, of the children of the , and of the children of the , stood up to praise the LORD God of  with a loud voice on high.

 And they rose early in the morning, and went forth into the  of Tekoa: and as they went forth,  stood and said, Hear me, O , and ye inhabitants of ; Believe in the LORD your God, so shall ye be established; believe his prophets, so shall ye prosper.

 And when he had consulted with the people, he appointed singers unto the LORD, and that should praise the beauty of , as they went out before the army, and to say, Praise the LORD; for his  endureth for ever.

 And when they began to sing and to praise, the LORD set ambushments against the children of , , and  , which were come against ; and they were smitten.

 For the children of  and  stood up against the inhabitants of  , utterly to slay and destroy them: and when they had made an end of the inhabitants of , every one helped to destroy another.

 And when  came toward the watch tower in the , they looked unto the multitude, and, behold, they were dead bodies fallen to the earth, and none escaped.

 And when  and his people came to take away the spoil of them, they found among them in abundance both riches with the dead bodies, and precious jewels, which they stripped off for themselves, more than they could carry away: and they were three days in gathering of the spoil, it was so much.

 And on the fourth day they assembled themselves in the  of ; for there they blessed the LORD: therefore the name of the same place was called, The  of , unto this day.

 Then they returned, every man of  and , and  in the forefront of them, to go again to  with joy; for the LORD had made them to rejoice over their enemies.

 And they came to  with psalteries and harps and  unto the house of the LORD.

 And the fear of God was on all the kingdoms of those countries, when they had heard that the LORD fought against the enemies of .

 So the realm of  was quiet: for his God gave him rest round about.

 And  reigned over : he was thirty and five years old when he began to reign, and he reigned twenty and five years in . And his mother's name was  the daughter of Shilhi.

 And he walked in the way of  his father, and departed not from it, doing that which was right in the sight of the LORD.

 Howbeit the high places were not taken away: for as yet the people had not prepared their hearts unto the God of their fathers.

 Now the rest of the acts of , first and last, behold, they are written in the book of  the son of , who is mentioned in the book of the kings of .

 And after this did   of  join himself with   of , who did very wickedly:

 And he joined himself with him to make  to go to : and they made the  in Eziongaber.

 Then  the son of Dodavah of  prophesied against , saying, Because thou hast joined thyself with , the LORD hath broken thy works. And the  were broken, that they were not able to go to .
