King James Version:
Chronicles:
Chronicles Chapter
King James Version:
Chronicles Chapter
Then the people of the land took  the son of , and made him  in his father's stead in .

  was twenty and three years old when he began to reign, and he reigned three months in .

 And the  of  put him down at , and condemned the land in an hundred talents of  and a  of .

 And the  of  made  his brother  over  and , and turned his name to . And Necho took  his brother, and carried him to .

  was twenty and five years old when he began to reign, and he reigned eleven years in : and he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD his God.

 Against him came up   of , and bound him in fetters, to carry him to .

  also carried of the vessels of the house of the LORD to , and put them in his  at .

 Now the rest of the acts of , and his abominations which he did, and that which was found in him, behold, they are written in the book of the kings of  and : and  his son reigned in his stead.

  was eight years old when he began to reign, and he reigned three months and ten days in : and he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD.

 And when the year was expired,   sent, and brought him to , with the goodly vessels of the house of the LORD, and made  his brother  over  and .

  was one and twenty years old when he began to reign, and reigned eleven years in .

 And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD his God, and humbled not himself before  the  speaking from the mouth of the LORD.

 And he also rebelled against  , who had made him swear by God: but he stiffened his , and hardened his heart from turning unto the LORD God of .

 Moreover all the chief of the priests, and the people, transgressed very much after all the abominations of the ; and polluted the house of the LORD which he had hallowed in .

 And the LORD God of their fathers sent to them by his messengers, rising up betimes, and sending; because he had compassion on his people, and on his dwelling place:

 But they mocked the messengers of God, and despised his words, and misused his prophets, until the wrath of the LORD arose against his people, till there was no remedy.

 Therefore he brought upon them the  of the , who slew their young men with the  in the house of their , and had no compassion upon young man or maiden, old man, or him that stooped for age: he gave them all into his hand.

 And all the vessels of the house of God, great and small, and the treasures of the house of the LORD, and the treasures of the , and of his princes; all these he brought to .

 And they burnt the house of God, and brake down the wall of , and burnt all the palaces thereof with fire, and destroyed all the goodly vessels thereof.

 And them that had escaped from the  carried he away to ; where they were servants to him and his sons until the reign of the kingdom of :

 To fulfil the word of the LORD by the mouth of , until the land had enjoyed her sabbaths: for as long as she lay desolate she kept , to fulfil threescore and ten years.

 Now in the first year of   of , that the word of the LORD spoken by the mouth of  might be accomplished, the LORD stirred up the  of   of , that he made a proclamation throughout all his kingdom, and put it also in , saying,

 Thus saith   of , All the kingdoms of the earth hath the LORD God of  given me; and he hath charged me to build him an house in , which is in . Who is there among you of all his people?  The LORD his God be with him, and let him go up.
