King James Version:
Chronicles:
Chronicles Chapter
King James Version:
Chronicles Chapter
After these things, and the establishment thereof,   of  came, and entered into , and encamped against the fenced cities, and thought to win them for himself.

 And when  saw that  was come, and that he was purposed to fight against ,

 He took counsel with his princes and his mighty men to stop the waters of the fountains which were without the city: and they did help him.

 So there was gathered much people together, who stopped all the fountains, and the  that ran through the midst of the land, saying, Why should the kings of  come, and find much water?

 Also he strengthened himself, and built up all the wall that was broken, and raised it up to the , and another wall without, and repaired  in the city of , and made darts and shields in abundance.

 And he set captains of war over the people, and gathered them together to him in the street of the  of the city, and spake comfortably to them, saying,

 Be strong and courageous, be not afraid nor dismayed for the  of , nor for all the multitude that is with him: for there be more with us than with him:

 With him is an arm of ; but with us is the LORD our God to help us, and to fight our battles. And the people rested themselves upon the words of   of .

 After this did   of  send his servants to , (but he himself laid siege against , and all his power with him,) unto   of , and unto all  that were at , saying,

 Thus saith   of , Whereon do ye trust, that ye abide in the siege in ?

 Doth not  persuade you to give over yourselves to die by  and by thirst, saying, The LORD our God shall deliver us out of the hand of the  of ?

 Hath not the same  taken away his high places and his altars, and commanded  and , saying, Ye shall  before one , and burn  upon it?

 Know ye not what I and my fathers have done unto all the people of other lands? were the gods of the nations of those lands any ways able to deliver their lands out of mine hand?

 Who was there among all the gods of those nations that my fathers utterly destroyed, that could deliver his people out of mine hand, that your God should be able to deliver you out of mine hand?

 Now therefore let not  deceive you, nor persuade you on this manner, neither yet believe him: for no god of any nation or kingdom was able to deliver his people out of mine hand, and out of the hand of my fathers: how much less shall your God deliver you out of mine hand?

 And his servants spake yet more against the LORD God, and against his servant .

 He wrote also letters to rail on the LORD God of , and to speak against him, saying, As the gods of the nations of other lands have not delivered their people out of mine hand, so shall not the God of  deliver his people out of mine hand.

 Then they cried with a loud voice in the Jews' speech unto the people of  that were on the wall, to affright them, and to trouble them; that they might take the city.

 And they spake against the God of , as against the gods of the people of the earth, which were the work of the hands of man.

 And for this cause  the , and the   the son of , prayed and cried to .

 And the LORD sent an , which cut off all the mighty men of valour, and the leaders and captains in the  of the  of . So he returned with shame of face to his own land. And when he was come into the house of his god, they that came forth of his own  slew him there with the .

 Thus the LORD saved  and the inhabitants of  from the hand of  the  of , and from the hand of all other, and guided them on every side.

 And many brought gifts unto the LORD to , and presents to   of : so that he was magnified in the sight of all nations from thenceforth.

 In those days  was sick to the death, and prayed unto the LORD: and he spake unto him, and he gave him a sign.

 But  rendered not again according to the benefit done unto him; for his heart was lifted up: therefore there was wrath upon him, and upon  and .

 Notwithstanding  humbled himself for the pride of his heart, both he and the inhabitants of , so that the wrath of the LORD came not upon them in the days of .

 And  had exceeding much riches and honour: and he made himself treasuries for , and for , and for precious stones, and for , and for shields, and for all manner of pleasant jewels;

 Storehouses also for the increase of , and , and oil; and stalls for all manner of beasts, and  for flocks.

 Moreover he provided him cities, and possessions of flocks and herds in abundance: for God had given him substance very much.

 This same  also stopped the upper watercourse of , and brought it straight down to the west side of the city of . And  prospered in all his works.

 Howbeit in the business of the ambassadors of the princes of , who sent unto him to enquire of the wonder that was done in the land, God left him, to try him, that he might know all that was in his heart.

 Now the rest of the acts of , and his , behold, they are written in the  of  the , the son of , and in the book of the kings of  and .

 And  slept with his fathers, and they buried him in the chiefest of the sepulchres of the sons of : and all  and the inhabitants of  did him honour at his death. And  his son reigned in his stead.
