King James Version:
Chronicles:
Chronicles Chapter
King James Version:
Chronicles Chapter
Now  had riches and honour in abundance, and joined  with .

 And after certain years he went down to  to . And  killed  and oxen for him in abundance, and for the people that he had with him, and persuaded him to go up with him to Ramothgilead.

 And   of  said unto   of , Wilt thou go with me to Ramothgilead? And he answered him, I am as thou art, and my people as thy people; and we will be with thee in the war.

 And  said unto the  of , Enquire, I pray thee, at the word of the LORD to day.

 Therefore the  of  gathered together of prophets four hundred men, and said unto them, Shall we go to Ramothgilead to battle, or shall I forbear? And they said, Go up; for God will deliver it into the king's hand.

 But  said, Is there not here a  of the LORD besides, that we might enquire of him?

 And the  of  said unto , There is yet one man, by whom we may enquire of the LORD: but I hate him; for he never prophesied good unto me, but always evil: the same is  the son of . And  said, Let not the  say so.

 And the  of  called for one of his officers, and said, Fetch quickly  the son of .

 And the  of  and   of  sat either of them on his , clothed in their robes, and they sat in a void place at the entering in of the  of ; and all the prophets prophesied before them.

 And  the son of  had made him horns of , and said, Thus saith the LORD, With these thou shalt push  until they be consumed.

 And all the prophets prophesied so, saying, Go up to Ramothgilead, and prosper: for the LORD shall deliver it into the hand of the .

 And the  that went to call  spake to him, saying, Behold, the words of the prophets declare good to the  with one assent; let thy word therefore, I pray thee, be like one of their's, and speak thou good.

 And  said, As the LORD liveth, even what my God saith, that will I speak.

 And when he was come to the , the  said unto him, , shall we go to Ramothgilead to battle, or shall I forbear? And he said, Go ye up, and prosper, and they shall be delivered into your hand.

 And the  said to him, How many times shall I adjure thee that thou say nothing but the truth to me in the name of the LORD?

 Then he said, I did see all  scattered upon the mountains, as  that have no : and the LORD said, These have no master; let them return therefore every man to his house in peace.

 And the  of  said to , Did I not tell thee that he would not prophesy good unto me, but evil?

 Again he said, Therefore hear the word of the LORD; I saw the LORD  upon his , and all the  of  standing on his right hand and on his left.

 And the LORD said, Who shall entice   of , that he may go up and fall at Ramothgilead? And one spake saying after this manner, and another saying after that manner.

 Then there came out a , and stood before the LORD, and said, I will entice him. And the LORD said unto him, Wherewith?

 And he said, I will go out, and be a lying  in the mouth of all his prophets. And the Lord said, Thou shalt entice him, and thou shalt also prevail: go out, and do even so.

 Now therefore, behold, the LORD hath put a lying  in the mouth of these thy prophets, and the LORD hath spoken evil against thee.

 Then  the son of  came near, and smote  upon the , and said, Which way went the  of the LORD from me to speak unto thee?

 And  said, Behold, thou shalt see on that day when thou shalt go into an inner  to hide thyself.

 Then the  of  said, Take ye , and carry him back to  the governor of the city, and to  the king's son;

 And say, Thus saith the , Put this fellow in the , and feed him with  of affliction and with water of affliction, until I return in peace.

 And  said, If thou certainly return in peace, then hath not the LORD spoken by me. And he said, Hearken, all ye people.

 So the  of  and  the  of  went up to Ramothgilead.

 And the  of  said unto , I will disguise myself, and I will go to the battle; but put thou on thy robes. So the  of  disguised himself; and they went to the battle.

 Now the  of  had commanded the captains of the chariots that were with him, saying, Fight ye not with small or great, save only with the  of .

 And it came to pass, when the captains of the chariots saw , that they said, It is the  of . Therefore they compassed about him to fight: but  cried out, and the LORD helped him; and God moved them to depart from him.

 For it came to pass, that, when the captains of the chariots perceived that it was not the  of , they turned back again from pursuing him.

 And a certain man drew a  at a venture, and smote the  of  between the joints of the : therefore he said to his  man, Turn thine hand, that thou mayest carry me out of the ; for I am wounded.

 And the battle increased that day: howbeit the  of  stayed himself up in his  against the Syrians until the even: and about the time of the  going down he died.
