King James Version:
Chronicles:
Chronicles Chapter
King James Version:
Chronicles Chapter
Moreover he made an  of , twenty cubits the length thereof, and twenty cubits the breadth thereof, and ten cubits the height thereof.

 Also he made a molten sea of ten cubits from brim to brim, round in compass, and five cubits the height thereof; and a line of thirty cubits did compass it round about.

 And under it was the similitude of oxen, which did compass it round about: ten in a , compassing the sea round about. Two rows of oxen were cast, when it was cast.

 It stood upon twelve oxen, three looking toward the north, and three looking toward the west, and three looking toward the south, and three looking toward the : and the sea was set above upon them, and all their hinder parts were inward.

 And the thickness of it was an , and the brim of it like the work of the brim of a , with  of lilies; and it received and held three thousand .

 He made also ten lavers, and put five on the right hand, and five on the left, to wash in them: such things as they offered for the burnt  they washed in them; but the sea was for the priests to wash in.

 And he made ten candlesticks of  according to their form, and set them in the , five on the right hand, and five on the left.

 He made also ten , and placed them in the , five on the right side, and five on the left. And he made an hundred basons of .

 Furthermore he made the court of the priests, and the great court, and  for the court, and overlaid the  of them with .

 And he set the sea on the right side of the  end, over against the south.

 And Huram made the pots, and the shovels, and the basons. And Huram finished the work that he was to make for   for the house of God;

 To wit, the two pillars, and the , and the chapiters which were on the top of the two pillars, and the two wreaths to cover the two  of the chapiters which were on the top of the pillars;

 And four hundred pomegranates on the two wreaths; two rows of pomegranates on each wreath, to cover the two  of the chapiters which were upon the pillars.

 He made also bases, and lavers made he upon the bases;

 One sea, and twelve oxen under it.

 The pots also, and the shovels, and the fleshhooks, and all their instruments, did Huram his father make to   for the house of the LORD of bright .

 In the  of  did the  cast them, in the  ground between  and .

 Thus  made all these vessels in great abundance: for the weight of the  could not be found out.

 And  made all the vessels that were for the house of God, the golden  also, and the  whereon the  was set;

 Moreover the candlesticks with their lamps, that they should burn after the manner before the , of pure ;

 And the , and the lamps, and the tongs, made he of , and that perfect ;

 And the snuffers, and the basons, and the spoons, and the censers, of pure : and the entry of the house, the inner  thereof for the most holy place, and the  of the house of the , were of .
