King James Version:
Chronicles:
Chronicles Chapter
King James Version:
Chronicles Chapter
Then said , The LORD hath said that he would dwell in the thick .

 But I have built an house of  for thee, and a place for thy dwelling for ever.

 And the  turned his face, and blessed the whole  of : and all the  of  stood.

 And he said, Blessed be the LORD God of , who hath with his hands fulfilled that which he spake with his mouth to my father , saying,

 Since the day that I brought forth my people out of the land of  I chose no city among all the tribes of  to build an house in, that my name might be there; neither chose I any man to be a ruler over my people :

 But I have  , that my name might be there; and have   to be over my people .

 Now it was in the heart of  my father to build an house for the name of the LORD God of .

 But the LORD said to  my father, Forasmuch as it was in thine heart to build an house for my name, thou didst well in that it was in thine heart:

 Notwithstanding thou shalt not build the house; but thy son which shall come forth out of thy loins, he shall build the house for my name.

 The LORD therefore hath performed his word that he hath spoken: for I am risen up in the room of  my father, and am set on the  of , as the LORD promised, and have built the house for the name of the LORD God of .

 And in it have I put the , wherein is the  of the LORD, that he made with the children of .

 And he stood before the  of the LORD in the presence of all the  of , and spread forth his hands:

 For  had made a brasen scaffold of five cubits long, and five cubits broad, and three cubits high, and had set it in the midst of the court: and upon it he stood, and kneeled down upon his knees before all the  of , and spread forth his hands toward .

 And said, O LORD God of , there is no God like thee in the , nor in the earth; which keepest , and shewest  unto thy servants, that walk before thee with all their hearts:

 Thou which hast kept with thy servant  my father that which thou hast promised him; and spakest with thy mouth, and hast fulfilled it with thine hand, as it is this day.

 Now therefore, O LORD God of , keep with thy servant  my father that which thou hast promised him, saying, There shall not fail thee a man in my sight to sit upon the  of ; yet so that thy children take heed to their way to walk in my law, as thou hast walked before me.

 Now then, O LORD God of , let thy word be verified, which thou hast spoken unto thy servant .

 But will God in very deed dwell with men on the earth? behold,  and the  of heavens cannot contain thee; how much less this house which I have built!

 Have respect therefore to the  of thy servant, and to his supplication, O LORD my God, to hearken unto the cry and the  which thy servant prayeth before thee:

 That thine eyes may be open upon this house day and night, upon the place whereof thou hast said that thou wouldest put thy name there; to hearken unto the  which thy servant prayeth toward this place.

 Hearken therefore unto the supplications of thy servant, and of thy people , which they shall make toward this place: hear thou from thy dwelling place, even from ; and when thou hearest, forgive.

 If a man  against his neighbour, and an  be laid upon him to make him swear, and the  come before thine  in this house;

 Then hear thou from , and do, and  thy servants, by requiting the wicked, by recompensing his way upon his own head; and by justifying the righteous, by giving him according to his .

 And if thy people  be put to the worse before the enemy, because they have sinned against thee; and shall return and confess thy name, and pray and make supplication before thee in this house;

 Then hear thou from the heavens, and forgive the  of thy people , and bring them again unto the land which thou gavest to them and to their fathers.

 When the  is shut up, and there is no , because they have sinned against thee; yet if they pray toward this place, and confess thy name, and turn from their , when thou dost afflict them;

 Then hear thou from , and forgive the  of thy servants, and of thy people , when thou hast taught them the good way, wherein they should walk; and send  upon thy land, which thou hast given unto thy people for an inheritance.

 If there be  in the land, if there be pestilence, if there be blasting, or , locusts, or caterpillers; if their enemies besiege them in the cities of their land; whatsoever sore or whatsoever sickness there be:

 Then what  or what supplication soever shall be made of any man, or of all thy people , when every one shall know his own sore and his own grief, and shall spread forth his hands in this house:

 Then hear thou from  thy dwelling place, and forgive, and render unto every man according unto all his ways, whose heart thou knowest; (for thou only knowest the hearts of the children of men:)

 That they may fear thee, to walk in thy ways, so long as they live in the land which thou gavest unto our fathers.

 Moreover concerning the , which is not of thy people , but is come from a far country for thy great name's sake, and thy mighty hand, and thy stretched out arm; if they come and pray in this house;

 Then hear thou from the heavens, even from thy dwelling place, and do according to all that the  calleth to thee for; that all people of the earth may know thy name, and fear thee, as doth thy people , and may know that this house which I have built is called by thy name.

 If thy people go out to war against their enemies by the way that thou shalt send them, and they pray unto thee toward this city which thou hast , and the house which I have built for thy name;

 Then hear thou from the heavens their  and their supplication, and maintain their cause.

 If they  against thee, (for there is no man which sinneth not,) and thou be angry with them, and deliver them over before their enemies, and they carry them away captives unto a land far off or near;

 Yet if they bethink themselves in the land whither they are carried , and turn and pray unto thee in the land of their , saying, We have sinned, we have done amiss, and have dealt wickedly;

 If they return to thee with all their heart and with all their soul in the land of their , whither they have carried them captives, and pray toward their land, which thou gavest unto their fathers, and toward the city which thou hast , and toward the house which I have built for thy name:

 Then hear thou from the heavens, even from thy dwelling place, their  and their supplications, and maintain their cause, and forgive thy people which have sinned against thee.

 Now, my God, let, I beseech thee, thine eyes be open, and let thine ears be attent unto the  that is made in this place.

 Now therefore arise, O LORD God, into thy resting place, thou, and the  of thy strength: let thy priests, O LORD God, be clothed with , and let thy saints rejoice in .

 O LORD God, turn not away the face of thine anointed: remember the mercies of  thy servant.
