King James Version:
Chronicles:
Chronicles Chapter
King James Version:
Chronicles Chapter
Moreover  kept a  unto the LORD in : and they killed the  on the fourteenth day of the first month.

 And he set the priests in their charges, and encouraged them to the service of the house of the LORD,

 And said unto the Levites that taught all , which were holy unto the LORD, Put the holy  in the house which  the son of   of  did build; it shall not be a  upon your shoulders: serve now the LORD your God, and his people ,

 And prepare yourselves by the houses of your fathers, after your , according to the  of   of , and according to the  of  his son.

 And stand in the holy place according to the divisions of the families of the fathers of your brethren the people, and after the division of the families of the Levites.

 So kill the , and sanctify yourselves, and prepare your brethren, that they may do according to the word of the LORD by the hand of .

 And  gave to the people, of the flock, lambs and kids, all for the  offerings, for all that were present, to the number of thirty thousand, and three thousand bullocks: these were of the king's substance.

 And his princes gave willingly unto the people, to the priests, and to the Levites:  and  and , rulers of the house of God, gave unto the priests for the  offerings two thousand and six hundred small  and three hundred oxen.

  also, and  and , his brethren, and  and  and , chief of the Levites, gave unto the Levites for  offerings five thousand small , and five hundred oxen.

 So the service was prepared, and the priests stood in their place, and the Levites in their , according to the king's commandment.

 And they killed the , and the priests sprinkled the  from their hands, and the Levites flayed them.

 And they removed the burnt offerings, that they might give according to the divisions of the families of the people, to offer unto the LORD, as it is written in the book of . And so did they with the oxen.

 And they roasted the  with fire according to the ordinance: but the other holy offerings sod they in pots, and in caldrons, and in pans, and divided them speedily among all the people.

 And afterward they made ready for themselves, and for the priests: because the priests the sons of  were busied in  of burnt offerings and the  until night; therefore the Levites prepared for themselves, and for the priests the sons of .

 And the singers the sons of  were in their place, according to the commandment of , and , and , and  the king's ; and the porters waited at every ; they might not depart from their service; for their brethren the Levites prepared for them.

 So all the service of the LORD was prepared the same day, to keep the , and to offer burnt offerings upon the  of the LORD, according to the commandment of  .

 And the children of  that were present kept the  at that time, and the  of unleavened   days.

 And there was no  like to that kept in  from the days of  the ; neither did all the kings of  keep such a  as  kept, and the priests, and the Levites, and all  and  that were present, and the inhabitants of .

 In the eighteenth year of the reign of  was this  kept.

 After all this, when  had prepared the , Necho  of  came up to fight against Charchemish by : and  went out against him.

 But he sent ambassadors to him, saying, What have I to do with thee, thou  of ? I come not against thee this day, but against the house wherewith I have war: for God commanded me to make haste: forbear thee from meddling with God, who is with me, that he destroy thee not.

 Nevertheless  would not turn his face from him, but disguised himself, that he might fight with him, and hearkened not unto the words of Necho from the mouth of God, and came to fight in the  of .

 And the archers shot at  ; and the  said to his servants, Have me away; for I am sore wounded.

 His servants therefore took him out of that , and put him in the second  that he had; and they brought him to , and he died, and was buried in one of the sepulchres of his fathers. And all  and  mourned for .

 And  lamented for : and all the singing men and the singing women spake of  in their lamentations to this day, and made them an ordinance in : and, behold, they are written in the lamentations.

 Now the rest of the acts of , and his , according to that which was written in the law of the LORD,

 And his deeds, first and last, behold, they are written in the book of the kings of  and .
