King James Version:
Chronicles:
Chronicles Chapter
King James Version:
Chronicles Chapter
was  years old when he began to reign, and he reigned forty years in . His mother's name also was  of .

 And  did that which was right in the sight of the LORD all the days of  the .

 And  took for him two wives; and he begat sons and daughters.

 And it came to pass after this, that  was minded to repair the house of the LORD.

 And he gathered together the priests and the Levites, and said to them, Go out unto the cities of , and gather of all  money to repair the house of your God from year to year, and see that ye hasten the matter. Howbeit the Levites hastened it not.

 And the  called for  the chief, and said unto him, Why hast thou not required of the Levites to bring in out of  and out of  the , according to the commandment of  the servant of the LORD, and of the  of , for the  of ?

 For the sons of , that wicked woman, had broken up the house of God; and also all the dedicated things of the house of the LORD did they bestow upon .

 And at the king's commandment they made a , and set it without at the  of the house of the LORD.

 And they made a proclamation through  and , to bring in to the LORD the  that  the servant of God laid upon  in the .

 And all the princes and all the people rejoiced, and brought in, and cast into the , until they had made an end.

 Now it came to pass, that at what time the  was brought unto the king's office by the hand of the Levites, and when they saw that there was much money, the king's scribe and the high priest's officer came and emptied the , and took it, and carried it to his place again. Thus they did day by day, and gathered money in abundance.

 And the  and  gave it to such as did the work of the service of the house of the LORD, and hired masons and carpenters to repair the house of the LORD, and also such as wrought  and  to mend the house of the LORD.

 So the workmen wrought, and the work was perfected by them, and they set the house of God in his state, and strengthened it.

 And when they had finished it, they brought the rest of the money before the  and , whereof were made vessels for the house of the LORD, even vessels to , and to offer withal, and spoons, and vessels of  and . And they offered burnt offerings in the house of the LORD continually all the days of .

 But  waxed old, and was full of days when he died; an hundred and thirty years old was he when he died.

 And they buried him in the city of  among the kings, because he had done good in , both toward God, and toward his house.

 Now after the death of  came the princes of , and made  to the . Then the  hearkened unto them.

 And they left the house of the LORD God of their fathers, and served groves and idols: and wrath came upon  and  for this their trespass.

 Yet he sent prophets to them, to bring them again unto the LORD; and they testified against them: but they would not give .

 And the  of God came upon  the son of  the , which stood above the people, and said unto them, Thus saith God, Why transgress ye the commandments of the LORD, that ye cannot prosper? because ye have forsaken the LORD, he hath also forsaken you.

 And they conspired against him, and stoned him with stones at the commandment of the  in the court of the house of the LORD.

 Thus  the  remembered not the kindness which  his father had done to him, but slew his son. And when he died, he said, The LORD look upon it, and require it.

 And it came to pass at the end of the year, that the  of  came up against him: and they came to  and , and destroyed all the princes of the people from among the people, and sent all the spoil of them unto the  of .

 For the army of the Syrians came with a small company of men, and the LORD delivered a very great  into their hand, because they had forsaken the LORD God of their fathers. So they executed judgment against .

 And when they were departed from him, (for they left him in great diseases,) his own servants conspired against him for the  of the sons of  the , and slew him on his bed, and he died: and they buried him in the city of , but they buried him not in the sepulchres of the kings.

 And these are they that conspired against him;  the son of Shimeath an Ammonitess, and  the son of Shimrith a Moabitess.

 Now concerning his sons, and the greatness of the burdens laid upon him, and the repairing of the house of God, behold, they are written in the story of the book of the kings. And  his son reigned in his stead.
