King James Version:
Chronicles:
Chronicles Chapter
King James Version:
Chronicles Chapter
So  slept with his fathers, and they buried him in the city of : and  his son reigned in his stead. In his days the land was quiet ten years.

 And  did that which was good and right in the eyes of the LORD his God:

 For he took away the altars of the strange gods, and the high places, and brake down the images, and cut down the groves:

 And commanded  to seek the LORD God of their fathers, and to do the law and the commandment.

 Also he took away out of all the cities of  the high places and the images: and the kingdom was quiet before him.

 And he built fenced cities in : for the land had rest, and he had no war in those years; because the LORD had given him rest.

 Therefore he said unto , Let us build these cities, and make about them walls, and , gates, and bars, while the land is yet before us; because we have sought the LORD our God, we have sought him, and he hath given us rest on every side. So they built and prospered.

 And  had an army of men that bare targets and spears, out of  three hundred thousand; and out of , that bare shields and drew bows, two hundred and fourscore thousand: all these were mighty men of valour.

 And there came out against them  the Ethiopian with an  of a thousand thousand, and three hundred chariots; and came unto .

 Then  went out against him, and they set the battle in array in the  of  at .

 And  cried unto the LORD his God, and said, LORD, it is nothing with thee to help, whether with many, or with them that have no power: help us, O LORD our God; for we rest on thee, and in thy name we go against this multitude. O LORD, thou art our God; let no man prevail against thee.

 So the LORD smote the Ethiopians before , and before ; and the Ethiopians fled.

 And  and the people that were with him pursued them unto : and the Ethiopians were overthrown, that they could not recover themselves; for they were destroyed before the LORD, and before his ; and they carried away very much spoil.

 And they smote all the cities round about ; for the fear of the LORD came upon them: and they spoiled all the cities; for there was exceeding much spoil in them.

 They smote also the tents of , and carried away  and camels in abundance, and returned to .
