King James Version:
Chronicles:
Chronicles Chapter
King James Version:
Chronicles Chapter
And in the seventh year  strengthened himself, and took the captains of hundreds,  the son of , and  the son of , and  the son of , and  the son of Adaiah, and  the son of , into  with him.

 And they went about in , and gathered the Levites out of all the cities of , and the chief of the fathers of , and they came to .

 And all the  made a  with the  in the house of God. And he said unto them, Behold, the king's son shall reign, as the LORD hath said of the sons of .

 This is the thing that ye shall do; A third part of you entering on the , of the priests and of the Levites, shall be porters of the ;

 And a third part shall be at the king's house; and a third part at the  of the foundation: and all the people shall be in the courts of the house of the LORD.

 But let none come into the house of the LORD, save the priests, and they that  of the Levites; they shall go in, for they are holy: but all the people shall keep the watch of the LORD.

 And the Levites shall compass the  round about, every man with his weapons in his hand; and whosoever else cometh into the house, he shall be put to death: but be ye with the  when he cometh in, and when he goeth out.

 So the Levites and all  did according to all things that  the  had commanded, and took every man his men that were to come in on the , with them that were to go out on the : for  the  dismissed not the .

 Moreover  the  delivered to the captains of hundreds spears, and bucklers, and shields, that had been  David's, which were in the house of God.

 And he set all the people, every man having his weapon in his hand, from the right side of the  to the left side of the , along by the  and the , by the  round about.

 Then they brought out the king's son, and put upon him the , and gave him the , and made him . And  and his sons anointed him, and said, God save the .

 Now when  heard the noise of the people running and praising the , she came to the people into the house of the LORD:

 And she looked, and, behold, the  stood at his  at the entering in, and the princes and the  by the : and all the people of the land rejoiced, and sounded with , also the singers with instruments of musick, and such as taught to sing praise. Then   her clothes, and said, Treason, Treason.

 Then  the  brought out the captains of hundreds that were set over the , and said unto them, Have her forth of the : and whoso followeth her, let him be slain with the . For the  said, Slay her not in the house of the LORD.

 So they laid hands on her; and when she was come to the entering of the horse  by the king's house, they slew her there.

 And  made a  between him, and between all the people, and between the , that they should be the LORD's people.

 Then all the people went to the house of , and brake it down, and brake his altars and his images in , and slew  the  of  before the altars.

 Also  appointed the offices of the house of the LORD by the hand of the priests the Levites, whom  had distributed in the house of the LORD, to offer the burnt offerings of the LORD, as it is written in the law of , with rejoicing and with singing, as it was ordained by .

 And he set the porters at the gates of the house of the LORD, that none which was unclean in any thing should enter in.

 And he took the captains of hundreds, and the nobles, and the governors of the people, and all the people of the land, and brought down the  from the house of the LORD: and they came through the high  into the king's house, and set the  upon the  of the kingdom.

 And all the people of the land rejoiced: and the city was quiet, after that they had slain  with the .
