King James Version:
Chronicles:
Chronicles Chapter
King James Version:
Chronicles Chapter
Then  began to build the house of the LORD at  in  , where the Lord appeared unto  his father, in the place that  had prepared in the threshingfloor of  the Jebusite.

 And he began to build in the second day of the second month, in the fourth year of his reign.

 Now these are the things wherein  was instructed for the building of the house of God. The length by cubits after the first measure was threescore cubits, and the breadth twenty cubits.

 And the porch that was in the front of the house, the length of it was according to the breadth of the house, twenty cubits, and the height was an hundred and twenty: and he overlaid it within with pure .

 And the greater house he cieled with  tree, which he overlaid with fine , and set thereon palm trees and chains.

 And he garnished the house with precious stones for beauty: and the  was  of .

 He overlaid also the house, the beams, the posts, and the walls thereof, and the  thereof, with ; and graved cherubims on the walls.

 And he made the most holy house, the length whereof was according to the breadth of the house, twenty cubits, and the breadth thereof twenty cubits: and he overlaid it with fine , amounting to six hundred talents.

 And the weight of the nails was fifty shekels of . And he overlaid the upper chambers with .

 And in the most holy house he made two cherubims of image work, and overlaid them with .

 And the wings of the cherubims were twenty cubits long: one wing of the one  was five cubits, reaching to the wall of the house: and the other wing was likewise five cubits, reaching to the wing of the other .

 And one wing of the other  was five cubits, reaching to the wall of the house: and the other wing was five cubits also, joining to the wing of the other .

 The wings of these cherubims spread themselves forth twenty cubits: and they stood on their feet, and their faces were inward.

 And he made the vail of , and purple, and , and fine , and wrought cherubims thereon.

 Also he made before the house two pillars of thirty and five cubits high, and the  that was on the top of each of them was five cubits.

 And he made chains, as in the , and put them on the heads of the pillars; and made an hundred pomegranates, and put them on the chains.

 And he reared up the pillars before the , one on the right hand, and the other on the left; and called the name of that on the right hand , and the name of that on the left .
