King James Version:
Chronicles:
Chronicles Chapter
King James Version:
Chronicles Chapter
And  went to : for to  were all  come to make him .

 And it came to pass, when  the son of , who was in , whither he fled from the presence of  the , heard it, that  returned out of .

 And they sent and called him. So  and all  came and spake to , saying,

 Thy father made our  grievous: now therefore ease thou somewhat the grievous servitude of thy father, and his heavy  that he put upon us, and we will serve thee.

 And he said unto them, Come again unto me after three days. And the people departed.

 And   took counsel with the old men that had stood before  his father while he yet lived, saying, What counsel give ye me to return answer to this people?

 And they spake unto him, saying, If thou be kind to this people, and please them, and speak good words to them, they will be thy servants for ever.

 But he forsook the counsel which the old men gave him, and took counsel with the young men that were brought up with him, that stood before him.

 And he said unto them, What advice give ye that we may return answer to this people, which have spoken to me, saying, Ease somewhat the  that thy father did put upon us?

 And the young men that were brought up with him spake unto him, saying, Thus shalt thou answer the people that spake unto thee, saying, Thy father made our  heavy, but make thou it somewhat lighter for us; thus shalt thou say unto them, My little finger shall be thicker than my father's loins.

 For whereas my father put a heavy  upon you, I will put more to your : my father chastised you with whips, but I will chastise you with .

 So  and all the people came to  on the third day, as the  bade, saying, Come again to me on the third day.

 And the  answered them roughly; and   forsook the counsel of the old men,

 And answered them after the advice of the young men, saying, My father made your  heavy, but I will add thereto: my father chastised you with whips, but I will chastise you with .

 So the  hearkened not unto the people: for the cause was of God, that the LORD might perform his word, which he spake by the hand of  the  to  the son of .

 And when all  saw that the  would not hearken unto them, the people answered the , saying, What portion have we in ?  and we have none inheritance in the son of : every man to your tents, O : and now, , see to thine own house. So all  went to their tents.

 But as for the children of  that dwelt in the cities of ,  reigned over them.

 Then   sent  that was over the ; and the children of  stoned him with stones, that he died. But   made speed to get him up to his , to flee to .

 And  rebelled against the house of  unto this day.
