King James Version:
Chronicles:
Chronicles Chapter
King James Version:
Chronicles Chapter
Now  slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of . And  his son reigned in his stead.

 And he had brethren the sons of , , and , and , and , and , and : all these were the sons of   of .

 And their father gave them great gifts of , and of , and of precious things, with fenced cities in : but the kingdom gave he to ; because he was the firstborn.

 Now when  was risen up to the kingdom of his father, he strengthened himself, and slew all his brethren with the , and divers also of the princes of .

  was thirty and two years old when he began to reign, and he reigned eight years in .

 And he walked in the way of the kings of , like as did the house of : for he had the daughter of  to wife: and he wrought that which was evil in the eyes of the LORD.

 Howbeit the LORD would not destroy the house of , because of the  that he had made with , and as he promised to give a light to him and to his sons for ever.

 In his days the Edomites revolted from under the dominion of , and made themselves a .

 Then  went forth with his princes, and all his chariots with him: and he rose up by night, and smote the Edomites which compassed him in, and the captains of the chariots.

 So the Edomites revolted from under the hand of  unto this day. The same time also did  revolt from under his hand; because he had forsaken the LORD God of his fathers.

 Moreover he made high places in the mountains of  and caused the inhabitants of  to commit , and compelled  thereto.

 And there came a  to him from  the , saying, Thus saith the LORD God of  thy father, Because thou hast not walked in the ways of  thy father, nor in the ways of   of ,

 But hast walked in the way of the kings of , and hast made  and the inhabitants of  to go a whoring, like to the whoredoms of the house of , and also hast slain thy brethren of thy father's house, which were better than thyself:

 Behold, with a great  will the LORD smite thy people, and thy children, and thy wives, and all thy goods:

 And thou shalt have great sickness by disease of thy , until thy  fall out by reason of the sickness day by day.

 Moreover the LORD stirred up against  the  of the , and of the Arabians, that were near the Ethiopians:

 And they came up into , and brake into it, and carried away all the substance that was found in the king's house, and his sons also, and his wives; so that there was never a son left him, save , the youngest of his sons.

 And after all this the LORD smote him in his  with an incurable disease.

 And it came to pass, that in process of time, after the end of two years, his  fell out by reason of his sickness: so he died of sore diseases. And his people made no burning for him, like the burning of his fathers.

 Thirty and two years old was he when he began to reign, and he reigned in  eight years, and departed without being desired. Howbeit they buried him in the city of , but not in the sepulchres of the kings.
