King James Version:
Chronicles:
Chronicles Chapter
King James Version:
Chronicles Chapter
Then all the people of  took , who was sixteen years old, and made him  in the room of his father .

 He built Eloth, and restored it to , after that the  slept with his fathers.

 Sixteen years old was  when he began to reign, and he reigned fifty and two years in . His mother's name also was  of .

 And he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD, according to all that his father  did.

 And he sought God in the days of , who had understanding in the visions of God: and as long as he sought the LORD, God made him to prosper.

 And he went forth and warred against the , and brake down the wall of , and the wall of , and the wall of , and built cities about , and among the .

 And God helped him against the , and against the Arabians that dwelt in Gurbaal, and the .

 And the Ammonites gave gifts to : and his name spread abroad even to the entering in of ; for he strengthened himself exceedingly.

 Moreover  built  in  at the corner , and at the  , and at the turning of the wall, and fortified them.

 Also he built  in the , and digged many wells: for he had much , both in the low country, and in the plains: husbandmen also, and  dressers in the mountains, and in : for he loved husbandry.

 Moreover  had an  of fighting men, that went out to war by , according to the number of their account by the hand of  the scribe and  the ruler, under the hand of , one of the king's captains.

 The whole number of the chief of the fathers of the mighty men of valour were two thousand and six hundred.

 And under their hand was an army, three hundred thousand and  thousand and five hundred, that made war with mighty power, to help the  against the enemy.

 And  prepared for them throughout all the  shields, and spears, and helmets, and habergeons, and bows, and slings to cast stones.

 And he made in  , invented by cunning men, to be on the  and upon the , to shoot  and great stones withal. And his name spread far abroad; for he was marvellously helped, till he was strong.

 But when he was strong, his heart was lifted up to his : for he transgressed against the LORD his God, and went into the  of the LORD to burn  upon the  of .

 And  the  went in after him, and with him fourscore priests of the LORD, that were valiant men:

 And they withstood  the , and said unto him, It appertaineth not unto thee, , to burn  unto the LORD, but to the priests the sons of , that are consecrated to burn : go out of the ; for thou hast trespassed; neither shall it be for thine honour from the LORD God.

 Then  was wroth, and had a  in his hand to burn : and while he was wroth with the priests, the  even rose up in his  before the priests in the house of the LORD, from beside the  .

 And  the chief , and all the priests, looked upon him, and, behold, he was leprous in his , and they thrust him out from thence; yea, himself hasted also to go out, because the LORD had smitten him.

 And  the  was a leper unto the day of his death, and dwelt in a several house, being a leper; for he was cut off from the house of the LORD: and  his son was over the king's house, judging the people of the land.

 Now the rest of the acts of , first and last, did  the , the son of , write.

 So  slept with his fathers, and they buried him with his fathers in the field of the  which belonged to the kings; for they said, He is a leper: and  his son reigned in his stead.
