King James Version:
Chronicles:
Chronicles Chapter
King James Version:
Chronicles Chapter
Now in the eighteenth year of   began  to reign over .

 He reigned three years in . His mother's name also was  the daughter of  of . And there was war between  and .

 And  set the battle in array with an army of valiant men of war, even four hundred thousand  men:  also set the battle in array against him with eight hundred thousand  men, being mighty men of valour.

 And  stood up upon  , which is in  , and said, Hear me, thou , and all ;

 Ought ye not to know that the LORD God of  gave the kingdom over  to  for ever, even to him and to his sons by a  of ?

 Yet  the son of , the servant of  the son of , is risen up, and hath rebelled against his lord.

 And there are gathered unto him vain men, the children of , and have strengthened themselves against  the son of , when  was young and tenderhearted, and could not withstand them.

 And now ye think to withstand the kingdom of the LORD in the hand of the sons of ; and ye be a great multitude, and there are with your golden calves, which  made you for gods.

 Have ye not cast out the priests of the LORD, the sons of , and the Levites, and have made you priests after the manner of the nations of other lands? so that whosoever cometh to consecrate himself with a young  and  rams, the same may be a  of them that are no gods.

 But as for us, the LORD is our God, and we have not forsaken him; and the priests, which  unto the LORD, are the sons of , and the Levites wait upon their business:

 And they burn unto the LORD every morning and every evening burnt sacrifices and sweet : the  also set they in order upon the pure table; and the  of  with the lamps thereof, to burn every evening: for we keep the charge of the LORD our God; but ye have forsaken him.

 And, behold, God himself is with us for our captain, and his priests with sounding  to cry  against you. O children of , fight ye not against the LORD God of your fathers; for ye shall not prosper.

 But  caused an ambushment to come about behind them: so they were before , and the ambushment was behind them.

 And when  looked back, behold, the battle was before and behind: and they cried unto the LORD, and the priests sounded with the .

 Then the men of  gave a shout: and as the men of  shouted, it came to pass, that God smote  and all  before  and .

 And the children of  fled before : and God delivered them into their hand.

 And  and his people slew them with a great slaughter: so there fell down slain of  five hundred thousand  men.

 Thus the children of  were brought under at that time, and the children of  prevailed, because they relied upon the LORD God of their fathers.

 And  pursued after , and took cities from him,  with the towns thereof, and  with the towns thereof, and  with the towns thereof.

 Neither did  recover strength again in the days of : and the LORD struck him, and he died.

 But  waxed mighty, and married fourteen wives, and begat twenty and two sons, and sixteen daughters.

 And the rest of the acts of , and his ways, and his sayings, are written in the story of the  .
