King James Version:
Chronicles:
Chronicles Chapter
King James Version:
Chronicles Chapter
was twenty years old when he began to reign, and he reigned sixteen years in : but he did not that which was right in the sight of the LORD, like  his father:

 For he walked in the ways of the kings of , and made also molten images for .

 Moreover he burnt  in the  of the son of , and burnt his children in the fire, after the abominations of the  whom the LORD had cast out before the children of .

 He sacrificed also and burnt  in the high places, and on the hills, and under every green tree.

 Wherefore the LORD his God delivered him into the hand of the  of ; and they smote him, and carried away a great multitude of them captives, and brought them to . And he was also delivered into the hand of the  of , who smote him with a great slaughter.

 For  the son of  slew in  an hundred and twenty thousand in one day, which were all valiant men; because they had forsaken the LORD God of their fathers.

 And , a mighty man of , slew  the king's son, and Azrikam the governor of the house, and  that was next to the .

 And the children of  carried away  of their brethren two hundred thousand, women, sons, and daughters, and took also away much spoil from them, and brought the spoil to .

 But a  of the LORD was there, whose name was : and he went out before the  that came to , and said unto them, Behold, because the LORD God of your fathers was wroth with , he hath delivered them into your hand, and ye have slain them in a rage that reacheth up unto .

 And now ye purpose to keep under the children of  and  for bondmen and bondwomen unto you: but are there not with you, even with you, sins against the LORD your God?

 Now hear me therefore, and deliver the captives again, which ye have taken  of your brethren: for the fierce wrath of the LORD is upon you.

 Then certain of the heads of the children of ,  the son of ,  the son of , and  the son of , and  the son of , stood up against them that came from the war,

 And said unto them, Ye shall not bring in the captives hither: for whereas we have offended against the LORD already, ye intend to add more to our sins and to our trespass: for our trespass is great, and there is fierce wrath against .

 So the armed men left the captives and the spoil before the princes and all the .

 And the men which were expressed by name rose up, and took the captives, and with the spoil clothed all that were  among them, and arrayed them, and shod them, and gave them to eat and to , and anointed them, and carried all the feeble of them upon asses, and brought them to , the city of palm trees, to their brethren: then they returned to .

 At that time did   send unto the kings of  to help him.

 For again the Edomites had come and smitten , and carried away captives.

 The  also had invaded the cities of the low country, and of the south of , and had taken Bethshemesh, and , and Gederoth, and  with the  thereof, and  with the  thereof,  also and the  thereof: and they dwelt there.

 For the LORD brought  low because of   of ; for he made  , and transgressed sore against the LORD.

 And Tilgathpilneser  of  came unto him, and distressed him, but strengthened him not.

 For  took away a portion out of the house of the LORD, and out of the house of the , and of the princes, and gave it unto the  of : but he helped him not.

 And in the time of his distress did he trespass yet more against the LORD: this is that  .

 For he sacrificed unto the gods of , which smote him: and he said, Because the gods of the kings of  help them, therefore will I  to them, that they may help me. But they were the ruin of him, and of all .

 And  gathered together the vessels of the house of God, and cut in  the vessels of the house of God, and shut up the  of the house of the LORD, and he made him altars in every corner of .

 And in every several city of  he made high places to burn  unto other gods, and provoked to  the LORD God of his fathers.

 Now the rest of his acts and of all his ways, first and last, behold, they are written in the book of the kings of  and .

 And  slept with his fathers, and they buried him in the city, even in : but they brought him not into the sepulchres of the kings of : and  his son reigned in his stead.
