King James Version:
Chronicles:
Chronicles Chapter
King James Version:
Chronicles Chapter
In the six and thirtieth year of the reign of    of  came up against , and built , to the intent that he might let none go out or come in to   of .

 Then  brought out  and  out of the treasures of the house of the LORD and of the king's house, and sent to Benhadad  of , that dwelt at , saying,

 There is a  between me and thee, as there was between my father and thy father: behold, I have sent thee  and ; go, break thy  with   of , that he may depart from me.

 And Benhadad hearkened unto  , and sent the captains of his armies against the cities of ; and they smote , and , and Abelmaim, and all the store cities of .

 And it came to pass, when  heard it, that he left off building of , and let his work cease.

 Then  the  took all ; and they carried away the stones of , and the timber thereof, wherewith  was building; and he built therewith  and .

 And at that time  the  came to   of , and said unto him, Because thou hast relied on the  of , and not relied on the LORD thy God, therefore is the  of the  of  escaped out of thine hand.

 Were not the Ethiopians and the  a huge , with very many chariots and horsemen? yet, because thou didst rely on the LORD, he delivered them into thine hand.

 For the eyes of the LORD run to and fro throughout the whole earth, to shew himself strong in the behalf of them whose heart is perfect toward him. Herein thou hast done foolishly: therefore from henceforth thou shalt have wars.

 Then  was wroth with the , and put him in a  house; for he was in a rage with him because of this thing. And  oppressed some of the people the same time.

 And, behold, the acts of , first and last, lo, they are written in the book of the kings of  and .

 And  in the thirty and ninth year of his reign was diseased in his feet, until his disease was exceeding great: yet in his disease he sought not to the LORD, but to the physicians.

 And  slept with his fathers, and died in the one and fortieth year of his reign.

 And they buried him in his own sepulchres, which he had made for himself in the city of , and laid him in the bed which was filled with sweet odours and divers kinds of  prepared by the apothecaries' art: and they made a very great burning for him.
