King James Version:
Chronicles:
Chronicles Chapter
King James Version:
Chronicles Chapter
And it came to pass, when  had established the kingdom, and had strengthened himself, he forsook the law of the LORD, and all  with him.

 And it came to pass, that in the fifth year of   Shishak  of  came up against , because they had transgressed against the LORD,

 With twelve hundred chariots, and threescore thousand horsemen: and the people were without number that came with him out of ; the , the , and the Ethiopians.

 And he took the fenced cities which pertained to , and came to .

 Then came  the  to , and to the princes of , that were gathered together to  because of Shishak, and said unto them, Thus saith the LORD, Ye have forsaken me, and therefore have I also left you in the hand of Shishak.

 Whereupon the princes of  and the  humbled themselves; and they said, The LORD is righteous.

 And when the LORD saw that they humbled themselves, the word of the LORD came to , saying, They have humbled themselves; therefore I will not destroy them, but I will grant them some deliverance; and my wrath shall not be poured out upon  by the hand of Shishak.

 Nevertheless they shall be his servants; that they may know my service, and the service of the kingdoms of the countries.

 So Shishak  of  came up against , and took away the treasures of the house of the LORD, and the treasures of the king's house; he took all: he carried away also the shields of  which  had made.

 Instead of which   made shields of , and committed them to the hands of the chief of the , that kept the entrance of the king's house.

 And when the  entered into the house of the LORD, the  came and fetched them, and brought them again into the  .

 And when he humbled himself, the wrath of the LORD turned from him, that he would not destroy him altogether: and also in  things went well.

 So   strengthened himself in , and reigned: for  was one and forty years old when he began to reign, and he reigned seventeen years in , the city which the LORD had  out of all the tribes of , to put his name there. And his mother's name was  an Ammonitess.

 And he did evil, because he prepared not his heart to seek the LORD.

 Now the acts of , first and last, are they not written in the book of  the , and of  the  concerning genealogies? And there were wars between  and  continually.

 And  slept with his fathers, and was buried in the city of : and  his son reigned in his stead.
