King James Version:
Chronicles:
Chronicles Chapter
King James Version:
Chronicles Chapter
And the  of God came upon  the son of :

 And he went out to meet , and said unto him, Hear ye me, , and all  and ; The LORD is with you, while ye be with him; and if ye seek him, he will be found of you; but if ye forsake him, he will forsake you.

 Now for a long season  hath been without the true God, and without a teaching , and without law.

 But when they in their trouble did turn unto the LORD God of , and sought him, he was found of them.

 And in those times there was no peace to him that went out, nor to him that came in, but great vexations were upon all the inhabitants of the countries.

 And nation was destroyed of nation, and city of city: for God did vex them with all adversity.

 Be ye strong therefore, and let not your hands be weak: for your work shall be rewarded.

 And when  heard these words, and the  of  the , he took courage, and put away the abominable idols out of all the land of  and , and out of the cities which he had taken from  , and renewed the  of the LORD, that was before the porch of the LORD.

 And he gathered all  and , and the strangers with them out of  and , and out of : for they fell to him out of  in abundance, when they saw that the LORD his God was with him.

 So they gathered themselves together at  in the third month, in the fifteenth year of the reign of .

 And they offered unto the LORD the same time, of the spoil which they had brought,  hundred oxen and  thousand .

 And they entered into a  to seek the LORD God of their fathers with all their heart and with all their soul;

 That whosoever would not seek the LORD God of  should be put to death, whether small or great, whether man or woman.

 And they sware unto the LORD with a loud voice, and with shouting, and with , and with cornets.

 And all  rejoiced at the : for they had sworn with all their heart, and sought him with their whole desire; and he was found of them: and the LORD gave them rest round about.

 And also concerning  the mother of  the , he removed her from being , because she had made an  in a : and  cut down her , and stamped it, and burnt it at the  .

 But the high places were not taken away out of : nevertheless the heart of  was perfect all his days.

 And he brought into the house of God the things that his father had dedicated, and that he himself had dedicated, , and , and vessels.

 And there was no more war unto the five and thirtieth year of the reign of .
