King James Version:
Chronicles:
Chronicles Chapter
King James Version:
Chronicles Chapter
And  his son reigned in his stead, and strengthened himself against .

 And he placed  in all the fenced cities of , and set garrisons in the land of , and in the cities of , which  his father had taken.

 And the LORD was with , because he walked in the first ways of his father , and sought not unto ;

 But sought to the Lord God of his father, and walked in his commandments, and not after the doings of .

 Therefore the LORD stablished the kingdom in his hand; and all  brought to  presents; and he had riches and honour in abundance.

 And his heart was lifted up in the ways of the LORD: moreover he took away the high places and groves out of .

 Also in the third year of his reign he sent to his princes, even to Benhail, and to , and to , and to , and to , to teach in the cities of .

 And with them he sent Levites, even , and , and , and , and , and , and , and , and Tobadonijah, Levites; and with them  and , priests.

 And they taught in , and had the book of the law of the LORD with them, and went about throughout all the cities of , and taught the people.

 And the fear of the LORD fell upon all the kingdoms of the lands that were round about , so that they made no war against .

 Also some of the  brought  presents, and  ; and the Arabians brought him flocks,  thousand and  hundred rams, and  thousand and  hundred he goats.

 And  waxed great exceedingly; and he built in  castles, and cities of store.

 And he had much business in the cities of : and the men of war, mighty men of valour, were in .

 And these are the numbers of them according to the house of their fathers: Of , the captains of ;  the chief, and with him mighty men of valour three hundred thousand.

 And next to him was  the captain, and with him two hundred and fourscore thousand.

 And next him was  the son of , who willingly offered himself unto the LORD; and with him two hundred thousand mighty men of valour.

 And of ;  a mighty man of valour, and with him armed men with  and  two hundred thousand.

 And next him was , and with him an hundred and fourscore thousand ready prepared for the war.

 These waited on the , beside those whom the  put in the fenced cities throughout all .
