King James Version:
Chronicles:
Chronicles Chapter
King James Version:
Chronicles Chapter
And when the  of  heard of the fame of , she came to prove  with hard questions at , with a very great company, and camels that bare , and  in abundance, and precious stones: and when she was come to , she communed with him of all that was in her heart.

 And  told her all her questions: and there was nothing hid from  which he told her not.

 And when the  of  had seen the wisdom of , and the house that he had built,

 And the meat of his table, and the  of his servants, and the attendance of his ministers, and their ; his cupbearers also, and their ; and his ascent by which he went up into the house of the LORD; there was no more  in her.

 And she said to the , It was a true report which I heard in mine own land of thine acts, and of thy wisdom:

 Howbeit I believed not their words, until I came, and mine eyes had seen it: and, behold, the one half of the greatness of thy wisdom was not told me: for thou exceedest the fame that I heard.

 Happy are thy men, and happy are these thy servants, which stand continually before thee, and hear thy wisdom.

 Blessed be the LORD thy God, which delighted in thee to set thee on his , to be  for the LORD thy God: because thy God loved , to establish them for ever, therefore made he thee  over them, to do judgment and .

 And she gave the  an hundred and twenty talents of , and of  great abundance, and precious stones: neither was there any such spice as the  of  gave  .

 And the servants also of Huram, and the servants of , which brought  from , brought  trees and precious stones.

 And the  made of the  trees terraces to the house of the LORD, and to the king's , and harps and psalteries for singers: and there were none such seen before in the land of .

 And   gave to the  of  all her desire, whatsoever she asked, beside that which she had brought unto the . So she turned, and went away to her own land, she and her servants.

 Now the weight of  that came to  in one year was six hundred and threescore and six talents of ;

 Beside that which chapmen and merchants brought. And all the kings of  and governors of the country brought  and  to .

 And   made two hundred targets of beaten : six hundred shekels of beaten  went to one .

 And three hundred shields made he of beaten : three hundred shekels of  went to one . And the  put them in the house of the  of .

 Moreover the  made a great  of , and overlaid it with pure .

 And there were six steps to the , with a  of , which were fastened to the , and stays on each side of the  place, and two  standing by the stays:

 And twelve  stood there on the one side and on the other upon the six steps. There was not the like made in any kingdom.

 And all the drinking vessels of   were of , and all the vessels of the house of the  of  were of pure : none were of ; it was not any thing accounted of in the days of .

 For the king's  went to  with the servants of Huram: every three years once came the  of  bringing , and , , and apes, and peacocks.

 And   passed all the kings of the earth in riches and wisdom.

 And all the kings of the earth sought the presence of , to hear his wisdom, that God had put in his heart.

 And they brought every man his present, vessels of , and vessels of , and raiment, , and , horses, and mules, a rate year by year.

 And  had four thousand stalls for horses and chariots, and twelve thousand horsemen; whom he bestowed in the  cities, and with the  at .

 And he reigned over all the kings from the river even unto the land of the , and to the border of .

 And the  made  in  as stones, and  trees made he as the sycomore trees that are in the low plains in abundance.

 And they brought unto  horses out of , and out of all lands.

 Now the rest of the acts of , first and last, are they not written in the book of  the , and in the  of  the , and in the visions of  the  against  the son of ?

 And  reigned in  over all  forty years.

 And  slept with his fathers, and he was buried in the city of  his father: and  his son reigned in his stead.
