King James Version:
Chronicles:
Chronicles Chapter
King James Version:
Chronicles Chapter
was twelve years old when he began to reign, and he reigned fifty and five years in :

 But did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD, like unto the abominations of the , whom the LORD had cast out before the children of .

 For he built again the high places which  his father had broken down, and he reared up altars for , and made groves, and worshipped all the  of , and served them.

 Also he built altars in the house of the LORD, whereof the LORD had said, In  shall my name be for ever.

 And he built altars for all the  of  in the two courts of the house of the LORD.

 And he caused his children to pass through the fire in the  of the son of : also he observed times, and used , and used , and dealt with a familiar , and with wizards: he wrought much evil in the sight of the LORD, to provoke him to .

 And he set a carved image, the  which he had made, in the house of God, of which God had said to  and to  his son, In this house, and in , which I have  before all the tribes of , will I put my name for ever:

 Neither will I any more remove the foot of  from out of the land which I have appointed for your fathers; so that they will take heed to do all that I have commanded them, according to the whole law and the statutes and the ordinances by the hand of .

 So  made  and the inhabitants of  to err, and to do worse than the , whom the LORD had destroyed before the children of .

 And the LORD spake to , and to his people: but they would not hearken.

 Wherefore the LORD brought upon them the captains of the  of the  of , which took  among the thorns, and bound him with fetters, and carried him to .

 And when he was in affliction, he besought the LORD his God, and humbled himself greatly before the God of his fathers,

 And prayed unto him: and he was intreated of him, and heard his supplication, and brought him again to  into his kingdom. Then  knew that the LORD he was God.

 Now after this he built a wall without the city of , on the west side of , in the , even to the entering in at the  , and compassed about , and raised it up a very great height, and put captains of war in all the fenced cities of .

 And he took away the strange gods, and the  out of the house of the LORD, and all the altars that he had built in the  of the house of the LORD, and in , and cast them out of the city.

 And he repaired the  of the LORD, and sacrificed thereon peace offerings and thank offerings, and commanded  to serve the LORD God of .

 Nevertheless the people did  still in the high places, yet unto the LORD their God only.

 Now the rest of the acts of , and his  unto his God, and the words of the seers that spake to him in the name of the LORD God of , behold, they are written in the book of the kings of .

 His  also, and how God was intreated of him, and all his sins, and his trespass, and the places wherein he built high places, and set up groves and graven images, before he was humbled: behold, they are written among the sayings of the seers.

 So  slept with his fathers, and they buried him in his own house: and  his son reigned in his stead.

  was two and twenty years old when he began to reign, and reigned two years in .

 But he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD, as did  his father: for  sacrificed unto all the carved images which  his father had made, and served them;

 And humbled not himself before the LORD, as  his father had humbled himself; but  trespassed more and more.

 And his servants conspired against him, and slew him in his own house.

 But the people of the land slew all them that had conspired against  ; and the people of the land made  his son  in his stead.
