King James Version:
Chronicles:
Chronicles Chapter
King James Version:
Chronicles Chapter
And it came to pass at the end of twenty years, wherein  had built the house of the LORD, and his own house,

 That the cities which Huram had restored to ,  built them, and caused the children of  to dwell there.

 And  went to Hamathzobah, and prevailed against it.

 And he built  in the , and all the store cities, which he built in .

 Also he built Bethhoron the upper, and Bethhoron the nether, fenced cities, with walls, gates, and bars;

 And , and all the store cities that  had, and all the  cities, and the cities of the horsemen, and all that  desired to build in , and in , and throughout all the land of his dominion.

 As for all the people that were left of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , which were not of ,

 But of their children, who were left after them in the land, whom the children of  consumed not, them did  make to pay  until this day.

 But of the children of  did  make no servants for his work; but they were men of war, and chief of his captains, and captains of his chariots and horsemen.

 And these were the chief of  Solomon's officers, even two hundred and fifty, that bare rule over the people.

 And  brought up the daughter of  out of the city of  unto the house that he had built for her: for he said, My wife shall not dwell in the house of   of , because the places are holy, whereunto the  of the LORD hath come.

 Then  offered burnt offerings unto the LORD on the  of the LORD, which he had built before the porch,

 Even after a certain rate every day,  according to the commandment of , on the sabbaths, and on the new moons, and on the solemn feasts, three times in the year, even in the  of unleavened , and in the  of weeks, and in the  of tabernacles.

 And he appointed, according to the order of  his father, the  of the priests to their service, and the Levites to their charges, to praise and  before the priests, as the duty of every day required: the porters also by their  at every : for so had  the man of God commanded.

 And they departed not from the commandment of the  unto the priests and Levites concerning any matter, or concerning the treasures.

 Now all the work of  was prepared unto the day of the foundation of the house of the LORD, and until it was finished. So the house of the LORD was perfected.

 Then went  to Eziongeber, and to Eloth, at the sea side in the land of .

 And Huram sent him by the hands of his servants , and servants that had knowledge of the sea; and they went with the servants of  to , and took thence four hundred and fifty talents of , and brought them to  .
