King James Version:
Chronicles:
Chronicles Chapter
King James Version:
Chronicles Chapter
Now when  had made an end of praying, the fire came down from , and consumed the burnt  and the sacrifices; and the  of the LORD filled the house.

 And the priests could not enter into the house of the LORD, because the  of the LORD had filled the LORD's house.

 And when all the children of  saw how the fire came down, and the  of the LORD upon the house, they bowed themselves with their faces to the ground upon the , and worshipped, and praised the LORD, saying, For he is good; for his  endureth for ever.

 Then the  and all the people offered sacrifices before the LORD.

 And   offered a  of twenty and two thousand oxen, and an hundred and twenty thousand : so the  and all the people dedicated the house of God.

 And the priests waited on their offices: the Levites also with instruments of musick of the LORD, which  the  had made to praise the LORD, because his  endureth for ever, when  praised by their ministry; and the priests sounded  before them, and all  stood.

 Moreover  hallowed the middle of the court that was before the house of the LORD: for there he offered burnt offerings, and the  of the peace offerings, because the brasen  which  had made was not able to receive the burnt offerings, and the meat offerings, and the .

 Also at the same time  kept the   days, and all  with him, a very great , from the entering in of  unto the river of .

 And in the eighth day they made a solemn assembly: for they kept the dedication of the   days, and the   days.

 And on the three and twentieth day of the seventh month he sent the people away into their tents, glad and merry in heart for the  that the LORD had shewed unto , and to , and to  his people.

 Thus  finished the house of the LORD, and the king's house: and all that came into Solomon's heart to make in the house of the LORD, and in his own house, he prosperously effected.

 And the LORD appeared to  by night, and said unto him, I have heard thy , and have  this place to myself for an house of .

 If I shut up  that there be no , or if I command the locusts to devour the land, or if I send pestilence among my people;

 If my people, which are called by my name, shall humble themselves, and pray, and seek my face, and turn from their wicked ways; then will I hear from , and will forgive their , and will heal their land.

 Now mine eyes shall be open, and mine ears attent unto the  that is made in this place.

 For now have I  and sanctified this house, that my name may be there for ever: and mine eyes and mine heart shall be there perpetually.

 And as for thee, if thou wilt walk before me, as  thy father walked, and do according to all that I have commanded thee, and shalt observe my statutes and my judgments;

 Then will I stablish the  of thy kingdom, according as I have covenanted with  thy father, saying, There shall not fail thee a man to be ruler in .

 But if ye turn away, and forsake my statutes and my commandments, which I have set before you, and shall go and serve other gods, and  them;

 Then will I pluck them up by the roots out of my land which I have given them; and this house, which I have sanctified for my name, will I cast out of my sight, and will make it to be a  and a byword among all nations.

 And this house, which is high, shall be an astonishment to every one that passeth by it; so that he shall say, Why hath the LORD done thus unto this land, and unto this house?

 And it shall be answered, Because they forsook the LORD God of their fathers, which brought them forth out of the land of , and laid hold on other gods, and worshipped them, and served them: therefore hath he brought all this evil upon them.
