King James Version:
Chronicles:
Chronicles Chapter
King James Version:
Chronicles Chapter
And the inhabitants of  made  his youngest son  in his stead: for the band of men that came with the Arabians to the  had slain all the eldest. So  the son of   of  reigned.

 Forty and two years old was  when he began to reign, and he reigned one year in . His mother's name also was  the daughter of .

 He also walked in the ways of the house of : for his mother was his  to do wickedly.

 Wherefore he did evil in the sight of the LORD like the house of : for they were his counsellors after the death of his father to his .

 He walked also after their counsel, and went with  the son of   of  to war against   of  at Ramothgilead: and the Syrians smote .

 And he returned to be healed in  because of the wounds which were given him at , when he fought with   of . And  the son of   of  went down to see  the son of  at , because he was sick.

 And the  of  was of God by coming to : for when he was come, he went out with  against  the son of , whom the LORD had anointed to cut off the house of .

 And it came to pass, that, when  was executing judgment upon the house of , and found the princes of , and the sons of the brethren of , that ministered to , he slew them.

 And he sought : and they caught him, (for he was hid in ,) and brought him to : and when they had slain him, they buried him: Because, said they, he is the son of , who sought the LORD with all his heart. So the house of  had no power to keep still the kingdom.

 But when  the mother of  saw that her son was dead, she arose and destroyed all the seed royal of the house of .

 But Jehoshabeath, the daughter of the , took  the son of , and stole him from among the king's sons that were slain, and put him and his nurse in a bedchamber. So Jehoshabeath, the daughter of  , the wife of  the , (for she was the sister of ,) hid him from , so that she slew him not.

 And he was with them hid in the house of God six years: and  reigned over the land.
