King James Version: Hosea: Hosea Chapter
King James Version: Hosea Chapter
is an empty , he bringeth forth  unto himself: according to the multitude of his  he hath increased the altars; according to the  of his land they have made goodly images.

 Their heart is divided; now shall they be found faulty: he shall break down their altars, he shall spoil their images.

 For now they shall say, We have no , because we feared not the LORD; what then should a  do to us?

 They have spoken words, swearing falsely in making a : thus judgment springeth up as  in the furrows of the field.

 The inhabitants of  shall fear because of the calves of Bethaven: for the people thereof shall  over it, and the priests thereof that rejoiced on it, for the  thereof, because it is departed from it.

 It shall be also carried unto  for a present to  Jareb:  shall receive shame, and  shall be ashamed of his own counsel.

 As for , her  is cut off as the  upon the water.

 The high places also of , the  of , shall be destroyed: the  and the  shall come up on their altars; and they shall say to the mountains, Cover us; and to the hills, Fall on us.

 O , thou hast sinned from the days of : there they stood: the battle in  against the children of iniquity did not overtake them.

 It is in my desire that I should chastise them; and the people shall be gathered against them, when they shall bind themselves in their two furrows.

 And  is as an  that is taught, and loveth to tread out the ; but I passed over upon her fair : I will make  to ride;  shall plow, and  shall break his clods.

 Sow to yourselves in , reap in ; break up your fallow ground: for it is time to seek the LORD, till he come and   upon you.

 Ye have plowed wickedness, ye have reaped iniquity; ye have eaten the  of lies: because thou didst trust in thy way, in the multitude of thy mighty men.

 Therefore shall a tumult arise among thy people, and all thy fortresses shall be spoiled, as  spoiled Betharbel in the day of battle: the mother was dashed in  upon her children.

 So shall  do unto you because of your great wickedness: in a morning shall the  of  utterly be cut off.
