King James Version: Hosea: Hosea Chapter
King James Version: Hosea Chapter
When  spake trembling, he exalted himself in ; but when he offended in , he died.

 And now they  more and more, and have made them molten images of their , and idols according to their own understanding, all of it the work of the craftsmen: they say of them, Let the men that   the calves.

 Therefore they shall be as the morning  and as the early  that passeth away, as the  that is driven with the whirlwind out of the floor, and as the smoke out of the chimney.

 Yet I am the LORD thy God from the land of , and thou shalt know no god but me: for there is no  beside me.

 I did know thee in the , in the land of great .

 According to their pasture, so were they filled; they were filled, and their heart was exalted; therefore have they forgotten me.

 Therefore I will be unto them as a lion: as a  by the way will I observe them:

 I will meet them as a bear that is bereaved of her whelps, and will rend the  of their heart, and there will I devour them like a lion: the wild  shall tear them.

 O , thou hast destroyed thyself; but in me is thine help.

 I will be thy : where is any other that may save thee in all thy cities? and thy judges of whom thou saidst, Give me a  and princes?

 I gave thee a  in mine , and took him away in my wrath.

 The iniquity of  is bound up; his  is hid.

 The sorrows of a travailing woman shall come upon him: he is an unwise son; for he should not stay long in the place of the breaking forth of children.

 I will  them from the power of the ; I will redeem them from death: O death, I will be thy plagues; O , I will be thy :  shall be hid from mine eyes.

 Though he be fruitful among his brethren, an  wind shall come, the wind of the LORD shall come up from the , and his spring shall become dry, and his  shall be dried up: he shall spoil the treasure of all pleasant vessels.

  shall become desolate; for she hath rebelled against her God: they shall fall by the : their infants shall be dashed in , and their women with child shall be ripped up.
