King James Version: Hosea: Hosea Chapter
King James Version: Hosea Chapter
Say ye unto your brethren, ; and to your sisters, .

 Plead with your mother, plead: for she is not my wife, neither am I her husband: let her therefore put away her whoredoms out of her sight, and her adulteries from between her breasts;

 Lest I strip her , and set her as in the day that she was born, and make her as a , and set her like a dry land, and slay her with thirst.

 And I will not have  upon her children; for they be the children of whoredoms.

 For their mother hath played the : she that conceived them hath done shamefully: for she said, I will go after my lovers, that give me my  and my water, my  and my , mine oil and my .

 Therefore, behold, I will hedge up thy way with thorns, and make a wall, that she shall not find her paths.

 And she shall follow after her lovers, but she shall not overtake them; and she shall seek them, but shall not find them: then shall she say, I will go and return to my first husband; for then was it better with me than now.

 For she did not know that I gave her , and , and oil, and multiplied her  and , which they prepared for .

 Therefore will I return, and take away my  in the time thereof, and my  in the season thereof, and will recover my  and my  given to cover her nakedness.

 And now will I discover her  in the sight of her lovers, and none shall deliver her out of mine hand.

 I will also cause all her mirth to cease, her  days, her new moons, and her sabbaths, and all her solemn feasts.

 And I will destroy her vines and her  trees, whereof she hath said, These are my rewards that my lovers have given me: and I will make them a , and the beasts of the field shall eat them.

 And I will visit upon her the days of , wherein she burned  to them, and she decked herself with her  and her jewels, and she went after her lovers, and forgat me, saith the LORD.

 Therefore, behold, I will allure her, and bring her into the , and speak comfortably unto her.

 And I will give her her vineyards from thence, and the  of  for a door of hope: and she shall sing there, as in the days of her youth, and as in the day when she came up out of the land of .

 And it shall be at that day, saith the LORD, that thou shalt call me ; and shalt call me no more .

 For I will take away the names of  out of her mouth, and they shall no more be remembered by their name.

 And in that day will I make a  for them with the beasts of the field and with the fowls of , and with the creeping things of the ground: and I will break the  and the  and the battle out of the earth, and will make them to lie down safely.

 And I will  thee unto me for ever; yea, I will  thee unto me in , and in judgment, and in lovingkindness, and in mercies.

 I will even  thee unto me in faithfulness: and thou shalt know the LORD.

 And it shall come to pass in that day, I will hear, saith the LORD, I will hear the heavens, and they shall hear the earth;

 And the earth shall hear the , and the , and the oil; and they shall hear .

 And I will sow her unto me in the earth; and I will have  upon her that had not obtained ; and I will say to them which were not my people, Thou art my people; and they shall say, Thou art my God.
