King James Version: Hosea: Hosea Chapter
King James Version: Hosea Chapter
Hear the word of the LORD, ye children of : for the LORD hath a controversy with the inhabitants of the land, because there is no truth, nor , nor knowledge of God in the land.

 By swearing, and lying, and killing, and , and committing , they break out, and  toucheth .

 Therefore shall the land , and every one that dwelleth therein shall languish, with the beasts of the field, and with the fowls of ; yea, the fishes of the sea also shall be taken away.

 Yet let no man strive, nor reprove another: for thy people are as they that strive with the .

 Therefore shalt thou fall in the day, and the  also shall fall with thee in the night, and I will destroy thy mother.

 My people are destroyed for lack of knowledge: because thou hast rejected knowledge, I will also reject thee, that thou shalt be no  to me: seeing thou hast forgotten the law of thy God, I will also forget thy children.

 As they were increased, so they sinned against me: therefore will I change their  into shame.

 They eat up the  of my people, and they set their heart on their iniquity.

 And there shall be, like people, like : and I will punish them for their ways, and reward them their doings.

 For they shall eat, and not have enough: they shall commit whoredom, and shall not increase: because they have left off to take heed to the LORD.

 Whoredom and  and new  take away the heart.

 My people ask counsel at their stocks, and their staff declareth unto them: for the  of whoredoms hath caused them to err, and they have gone a whoring from under their God.

 They  upon the tops of the mountains, and burn  upon the hills, under oaks and poplars and elms, because the  thereof is good: therefore your daughters shall commit whoredom, and your spouses shall commit .

 I will not punish your daughters when they commit whoredom, nor your spouses when they commit : for themselves are separated with whores, and they  with harlots: therefore the people that doth not understand shall fall.

 Though thou, , play the , yet let not  offend; and come not ye unto , neither go ye up to Bethaven, nor swear, The LORD liveth.

 For  slideth back as a backsliding : now the LORD will feed them as a  in a large place.

  is joined to idols: let him alone.

 Their  is sour: they have committed whoredom continually: her rulers with shame do love, Give ye.

 The wind hath bound her up in her wings, and they shall be ashamed because of their sacrifices.
