King James Version: Hosea: Hosea Chapter
King James Version: Hosea Chapter
Rejoice not, O , for joy, as other people: for thou hast gone a whoring from thy God, thou hast loved a reward upon every cornfloor.

 The floor and the winepress shall not feed them, and the new  shall fail in her.

 They shall not dwell in the LORD's land; but  shall return to , and they shall eat unclean things in .

 They shall not offer  offerings to the LORD, neither shall they be pleasing unto him: their sacrifices shall be unto them as the  of mourners; all that eat thereof shall be polluted: for their  for their soul shall not come into the house of the LORD.

 What will ye do in the solemn day, and in the day of the  of the LORD?

 For, lo, they are gone because of :  shall gather them up,  shall bury them: the pleasant places for their , nettles shall possess them: thorns shall be in their tabernacles.

 The days of visitation are come, the days of recompence are come;  shall know it: the  is a fool, the spiritual man is mad, for the multitude of thine iniquity, and the great .

 The watchman of  was with my God: but the  is a  of a  in all his ways, and  in the house of his God.

 They have deeply corrupted themselves, as in the days of : therefore he will remember their iniquity, he will visit their sins.

 I found  like grapes in the ; I saw your fathers as the firstripe in the  tree at her first time: but they went to Baalpeor, and separated themselves unto that shame; and their abominations were according as they loved.

 As for , their  shall  away like a , from the , and from the womb, and from the conception.

 Though they bring up their children, yet will I bereave them, that there shall not be a man left: yea, woe also to them when I depart from them!

 , as I saw Tyrus, is planted in a pleasant place: but  shall bring forth his children to the murderer.

 Give them, O LORD: what wilt thou give? give them a miscarrying womb and dry breasts.

 All their wickedness is in : for there I hated them: for the wickedness of their doings I will drive them out of mine house, I will love them no more: all their princes are revolters.

  is smitten, their root is dried up, they shall bear no : yea, though they bring forth, yet will I slay even the beloved  of their womb.

 My God will cast them away, because they did not hearken unto him: and they shall be wanderers among the nations.
