King James Version: Malachi: Malachi Chapter
King James Version: Malachi Chapter
The  of the word of the LORD to  by .

 I have loved you, saith the LORD. Yet ye say, Wherein hast thou loved us? Was not  Jacob's brother? saith the LORD: yet I loved ,

 And I hated , and laid his mountains and his heritage waste for the dragons of the .

 Whereas  saith, We are impoverished, but we will return and build the desolate places; thus saith the LORD of hosts, They shall build, but I will throw down; and they shall call them, The border of wickedness, and, The people against whom the LORD hath indignation for ever.

 And your eyes shall see, and ye shall say, The LORD will be magnified from the border of .

 A son honoureth his father, and a servant his master: if then I be a father, where is mine honour? and if I be a master, where is my fear? saith the LORD of hosts unto you, O priests, that despise my name. And ye say, Wherein have we despised thy name?

 Ye offer polluted  upon mine ; and ye say, Wherein have we polluted thee? In that ye say, The table of the LORD is contemptible.

 And if ye offer the  for , is it not evil? and if ye offer the lame and sick, is it not evil? offer it now unto thy governor; will he be pleased with thee, or accept thy person? saith the LORD of hosts.

 And now, I pray you, beseech God that he will be gracious unto us: this hath been by your means: will he regard your persons? saith the LORD of hosts.

 Who is there even among you that would shut the  for nought? neither do ye kindle fire on mine  for nought. I have no pleasure in you, saith the LORD of hosts, neither will I accept an  at your hand.

 For from the rising of the  even unto the going down of the same my name shall be great among the ; and in every place  shall be offered unto my name, and a pure : for my name shall be great among the , saith the LORD of hosts.

 But ye have profaned it, in that ye say, The table of the LORD is polluted; and the  thereof, even his meat, is contemptible.

 Ye said also, Behold, what a weariness is it! and ye have snuffed at it, saith the LORD of hosts; and ye brought that which was torn, and the lame, and the sick; thus ye brought an : should I accept this of your hand? saith the LORD.

 But cursed be the deceiver, which hath in his flock a male, and voweth, and sacrificeth unto the LORD a corrupt thing: for I am a great , saith the LORD of hosts, and my name is dreadful among the .
