King James Version: Malachi: Malachi Chapter
King James Version: Malachi Chapter
And now, O ye priests, this commandment is for you.

 If ye will not hear, and if ye will not lay it to heart, to give  unto my name, saith the LORD of hosts, I will even send a  upon you, and I will  your blessings: yea, I have cursed them already, because ye do not lay it to heart.

 Behold, I will corrupt your seed, and spread  upon your faces, even the  of your solemn feasts; and one shall take you away with it.

 And ye shall know that I have sent this commandment unto you, that my  might be with , saith the LORD of hosts.

 My  was with him of life and peace; and I gave them to him for the fear wherewith he feared me, and was afraid before my name.

 The law of truth was in his mouth, and iniquity was not found in his lips: he walked with me in peace and equity, and did turn many away from iniquity.

 For the priest's lips should keep knowledge, and they should seek the law at his mouth: for he is the  of the LORD of hosts.

 But ye are departed out of the way; ye have caused many to stumble at the law; ye have corrupted the  of , saith the LORD of hosts.

 Therefore have I also made you contemptible and base before all the people, according as ye have not kept my ways, but have been partial in the law.

 Have we not all one father? hath not one God created us? why do we deal treacherously every man against his brother, by profaning the  of our fathers?

  hath dealt treacherously, and an  is committed in  and in ; for  hath profaned the  of the LORD which he loved, and hath married the daughter of a strange god.

 The LORD will cut off the man that doeth this, the master and the scholar, out of the tabernacles of , and him that offereth an  unto the LORD of hosts.

 And this have ye done again, covering the  of the LORD with tears, with weeping, and with crying out, insomuch that he regardeth not the  any more, or receiveth it with good will at your hand.

 Yet ye say, Wherefore? Because the LORD hath been  between thee and the wife of thy youth, against whom thou hast dealt treacherously: yet is she thy companion, and the wife of thy .

 And did not he make one? Yet had he the residue of the . And wherefore one? That he might seek a godly seed. Therefore take heed to your , and let none deal treacherously against the wife of his youth.

 For the LORD, the God of , saith that he hateth putting away: for one covereth violence with his garment, saith the LORD of hosts: therefore take heed to your , that ye deal not treacherously.

 Ye have wearied the LORD with your words. Yet ye say, Wherein have we wearied him? When ye say, Every one that doeth evil is good in the sight of the LORD, and he delighteth in them; or, Where is the God of judgment?
