King James Version: Numbers: Numbers Chapter
King James Version: Numbers Chapter
And the LORD spake unto , saying,

 Command the children of , and say unto them, When ye come into the land of ; (this is the land that shall fall unto you for an inheritance, even the land of  with the coasts thereof:)

 Then your south quarter shall be from the  of  along by the coast of , and your south border shall be the outmost coast of the  sea eastward:

 And your border shall turn from the south to the ascent of , and pass on to : and the going forth thereof shall be from the south to Kadeshbarnea, and shall go on to Hazaraddar, and pass on to Azmon:

 And the border shall fetch a compass from Azmon unto the river of , and the goings out of it shall be at the sea.

 And as for the western border, ye shall even have the great sea for a border: this shall be your west border.

 And this shall be your north border: from the great sea ye shall point out for you  :

 From   ye shall point out your border unto the entrance of ; and the goings forth of the border shall be to :

 And the border shall go on to , and the goings out of it shall be at Hazarenan: this shall be your north border.

 And ye shall point out your  border from Hazarenan to :

 And the coast shall go down from  to , on the  side of Ain; and the border shall descend, and shall reach unto the side of the sea of  eastward:

 And the border shall go down to , and the goings out of it shall be at the  sea: this shall be your land with the coasts thereof round about.

 And  commanded the children of , saying, This is the land which ye shall inherit by lot, which the LORD commanded to give unto the nine tribes, and to the half :

 For the  of the children of  according to the house of their fathers, and the  of the children of  according to the house of their fathers, have received their inheritance; and half the  of  have received their inheritance:

 The two tribes and the half  have received their inheritance on this side  near  eastward, toward the sunrising.

 And the LORD spake unto , saying,

 These are the names of the men which shall divide the land unto you:  the , and  the son of .

 And ye shall take one  of every , to divide the land by inheritance.

 And the names of the men are these: Of the  of ,  the son of .

 And of the  of the children of ,  the son of .

 Of the  of ,  the son of Chislon.

 And the  of the  of the children of , Bukki the son of Jogli.

 The  of the children of , for the  of the children of ,  the son of .

 And the  of the  of the children of ,  the son of .

 And the  of the  of the children of , Elizaphan the son of Parnach.

 And the  of the  of the children of ,  the son of Azzan.

 And the  of the  of the children of ,  the son of Shelomi.

 And the  of the  of the children of ,  the son of .

 These are they whom the LORD commanded to divide the inheritance unto the children of  in the land of .
