King James Version: Numbers: Numbers Chapter
King James Version: Numbers Chapter
And the chief fathers of the families of the children of , the son of , the son of , of the families of the sons of , came near, and spake before , and before the princes, the chief fathers of the children of :

 And they said, The LORD commanded my lord to give the land for an inheritance by lot to the children of : and my lord was commanded by the LORD to give the inheritance of  our brother unto his daughters.

 And if they be married to any of the sons of the other tribes of the children of , then shall their inheritance be taken from the inheritance of our fathers, and shall be put to the inheritance of the  whereunto they are received: so shall it be taken from the lot of our inheritance.

 And when the jubile of the children of  shall be, then shall their inheritance be put unto the inheritance of the  whereunto they are received: so shall their inheritance be taken away from the inheritance of the  of our fathers.

 And  commanded the children of  according to the word of the LORD, saying, The  of the sons of  hath said well.

 This is the thing which the LORD doth command concerning the daughters of , saying, Let them marry to whom they think best; only to the family of the  of their father shall they marry.

 So shall not the inheritance of the children of  remove from  to : for every one of the children of  shall keep himself to the inheritance of the  of his fathers.

 And every daughter, that possesseth an inheritance in any  of the children of , shall be wife unto one of the family of the  of her father, that the children of  may enjoy every man the inheritance of his fathers.

 Neither shall the inheritance remove from one  to another ; but every one of the tribes of the children of  shall keep himself to his own inheritance.

 Even as the LORD commanded , so did the daughters of :

 For , Tirzah, and , and Milcah, and , the daughters of , were married unto their father's brothers' sons:

 And they were married into the families of the sons of  the son of , and their inheritance remained in the  of the family of their father.

 These are the commandments and the judgments, which the LORD commanded by the hand of  unto the children of  in the plains of  by  near .
