King James Version: Numbers: Numbers Chapter
King James Version: Numbers Chapter
And when   the , which dwelt in the south, heard tell that  came by the way of the ; then he fought against , and took some of them prisoners.

 And  vowed a vow unto the LORD, and said, If thou wilt indeed deliver this people into my hand, then I will utterly destroy their cities.

 And the LORD hearkened to the voice of , and delivered up the ; and they utterly destroyed them and their cities: and he called the name of the place .

 And they journeyed from   by the way of the Red sea, to compass the land of : and the soul of the people was much discouraged because of the way.

 And the people spake against God, and against , Wherefore have ye brought us up out of  to die in the ? for there is no , neither is there any water; and our soul loatheth this light .

 And the LORD sent fiery serpents among the people, and they  the people; and much people of  died.

 Therefore the people came to , and said, We have sinned, for we have spoken against the LORD, and against thee; pray unto the LORD, that he take away the serpents from us. And  prayed for the people.

 And the LORD said unto , Make thee a fiery , and set it upon a pole: and it shall come to pass, that every one that is bitten, when he looketh upon it, shall live.

 And  made a  of , and put it upon a pole, and it came to pass, that if a  had bitten any man, when he beheld the  of , he lived.

 And the children of  set forward, and pitched in .

 And they journeyed from , and pitched at Ijeabarim, in the  which is before , toward the sunrising.

 From thence they removed, and pitched in the  of Zared.

 From thence they removed, and pitched on the other side of , which is in the  that cometh out of the coasts of the : for  is the border of , between  and the .

 Wherefore it is said in the book of the wars of the LORD, What he did in the Red sea, and in the brooks of ,

 And at the stream of the brooks that goeth down to the dwelling of Ar, and lieth upon the border of .

 And from thence they went to : that is the well whereof the LORD spake unto , Gather the people together, and I will give them water.

 Then  sang this song, Spring up, O well; sing ye unto it:

 The princes digged the well, the nobles of the people digged it, by the direction of the lawgiver, with their staves. And from the  they went to :

 And from  to : and from  to :

 And from  in the , that is in the country of , to the top of , which looketh toward .

 And  sent messengers unto   of the , saying,

 Let me pass through thy land: we will not turn into the fields, or into the vineyards; we will not  of the waters of the well: but we will go along by the king's high way, until we be past thy borders.

 And  would not suffer  to pass through his border: but  gathered all his people together, and went out against  into the : and he came to , and fought against .

 And  smote him with the edge of the , and possessed his land from  unto , even unto the children of : for the border of the children of  was strong.

 And  took all these cities: and  dwelt in all the cities of the , in , and in all the  thereof.

 For  was the city of  the  of the , who had fought against the former  of , and taken all his land out of his hand, even unto .

 Wherefore they that speak in proverbs say, Come into , let the city of  be built and prepared:

 For there is a fire gone out of , a flame from the city of : it hath consumed Ar of , and the lords of the high places of .

 Woe to thee, ! thou art undone, O people of : he hath given his sons that escaped, and his daughters, into  unto   of the .

 We have shot at them;  is perished even unto , and we have laid them waste even unto , which reacheth unto .

 Thus  dwelt in the land of the .

 And  sent to spy out , and they took the  thereof, and drove out the  that were there.

 And they turned and went up by the way of : and  the  of  went out against them, he, and all his people, to the battle at .

 And the LORD said unto , Fear him not: for I have delivered him into thy hand, and all his people, and his land; and thou shalt do to him as thou didst unto   of the , which dwelt at .

 So they smote him, and his sons, and all his people, until there was none left him alive: and they possessed his land.
