King James Version: Numbers: Numbers Chapter
King James Version: Numbers Chapter
And  abode in , and the people began to commit whoredom with the daughters of .

 And they called the people unto the sacrifices of their gods: and the people did eat, and bowed down to their gods.

 And  joined himself unto Baalpeor: and the  of the LORD was kindled against .

 And the LORD said unto , Take all the heads of the people, and hang them up before the LORD against the , that the fierce  of the LORD may be turned away from .

 And  said unto the judges of , Slay ye every one his men that were joined unto Baalpeor.

 And, behold, one of the children of  came and brought unto his brethren a Midianitish woman in the sight of , and in the sight of all the  of the children of , who were weeping before the door of the  of the .

 And when , the son of , the son of  the , saw it, he rose up from among the , and took a  in his hand;

 And he went after the man of  into the , and thrust both of them through, the man of , and the woman through her . So the  was stayed from the children of .

 And those that died in the  were twenty and four thousand.

 And the LORD spake unto , saying,

 , the son of , the son of  the , hath turned my wrath away from the children of , while he was zealous for my sake among them, that I consumed not the children of  in my .

 Wherefore say, Behold, I give unto him my  of peace:

 And he shall have it, and his seed after him, even the  of an  priesthood; because he was zealous for his God, and made an  for the children of .

 Now the name of the Israelite that was slain, even that was slain with the Midianitish woman, was , the son of Salu, a  of a chief house among the Simeonites.

 And the name of the Midianitish woman that was slain was Cozbi, the daughter of ; he was head over a people, and of a chief house in .

 And the LORD spake unto , saying,

 Vex the Midianites, and smite them:

 For they vex you with their wiles, wherewith they have beguiled you in the matter of , and in the matter of Cozbi, the daughter of a  of , their sister, which was slain in the day of the  for Peor's sake.
