King James Version: Numbers: Numbers Chapter
King James Version: Numbers Chapter
Then came the daughters of , the son of , the son of , the son of , the son of , of the families of  the son of : and these are the names of his daughters; , , and , and Milcah, and Tirzah.

 And they stood before , and before  the , and before the princes and all the , by the door of the  of the , saying,

 Our father died in the , and he was not in the company of them that gathered themselves together against the LORD in the company of ; but died in his own , and had no sons.

 Why should the name of our father be done away from among his family, because he hath no son? Give unto us therefore a possession among the brethren of our father.

 And  brought their cause before the LORD.

 And the LORD spake unto , saying,

 The daughters of  speak right: thou shalt surely give them a possession of an inheritance among their father's brethren; and thou shalt cause the inheritance of their father to pass unto them.

 And thou shalt speak unto the children of , saying, If a man die, and have no son, then ye shall cause his inheritance to pass unto his daughter.

 And if he have no daughter, then ye shall give his inheritance unto his brethren.

 And if he have no brethren, then ye shall give his inheritance unto his father's brethren.

 And if his father have no brethren, then ye shall give his inheritance unto his  that is next to him of his family, and he shall possess it: and it shall be unto the children of  a statute of judgment, as the LORD commanded .

 And the LORD said unto , Get thee up into this  , and see the land which I have given unto the children of .

 And when thou hast seen it, thou also shalt be gathered unto thy people, as  thy brother was gathered.

 For ye rebelled against my commandment in the  of , in the strife of the , to sanctify me at the water before their eyes: that is the water of  in  in the  of .

 And  spake unto the LORD, saying,

 Let the LORD, the God of the spirits of all , set a man over the ,

 Which may go out before them, and which may go in before them, and which may lead them out, and which may bring them in; that the  of the LORD be not as  which have no .

 And the LORD said unto , Take thee  the son of , a man in whom is the , and lay thine hand upon him;

 And set him before  the , and before all the ; and give him a charge in their sight.

 And thou shalt put some of thine honour upon him, that all the  of the children of  may be obedient.

 And he shall stand before  the , who shall ask counsel for him after the judgment of  before the LORD: at his word shall they go out, and at his word they shall come in, both he, and all the children of  with him, even all the .

 And  did as the LORD commanded him: and he took , and set him before  the , and before all the :

 And he laid his hands upon him, and gave him a charge, as the LORD commanded by the hand of .
