King James Version: Numbers: Numbers Chapter
King James Version: Numbers Chapter
And the LORD spake unto , saying,

 Speak unto the children of , and say unto them, When either man or woman shall separate themselves to vow a vow of a , to separate themselves unto the LORD:

 He shall separate himself from  and strong , and shall  no  of , or  of strong , neither shall he  any liquor of grapes, nor eat moist grapes, or dried.

 All the days of his separation shall he eat nothing that is made of the  tree, from the kernels even to the .

 All the days of the vow of his separation there shall no  come upon his head: until the days be fulfilled, in the which he separateth himself unto the LORD, he shall be holy, and shall let the locks of the hair of his head grow.

 All the days that he separateth himself unto the LORD he shall come at no dead body.

 He shall not make himself unclean for his father, or for his mother, for his brother, or for his sister, when they die: because the  of his God is upon his head.

 All the days of his separation he is holy unto the LORD.

 And if any man die very suddenly by him, and he hath defiled the head of his ; then he shall shave his head in the day of his cleansing, on the seventh day shall he shave it.

 And on the eighth day he shall bring two turtles, or two young pigeons, to the , to the door of the  of the :

 And the  shall offer the one for a  , and the other for a burnt , and make an  for him, for that he sinned by the dead, and shall  his head that same day.

 And he shall consecrate unto the LORD the days of his separation, and shall bring a  of the first year for a trespass : but the days that were before shall be lost, because his separation was defiled.

 And this is the law of the , when the days of his separation are fulfilled: he shall be brought unto the door of the  of the :

 And he shall offer his  unto the LORD, one he  of the first year without  for a burnt , and one ewe  of the first year without  for a  , and one  without  for peace offerings,

 And a  of unleavened , cakes of fine  mingled with oil, and  of unleavened  anointed with oil, and their meat , and their  offerings.

 And the  shall bring them before the LORD, and shall offer his  , and his burnt :

 And he shall offer the  for a  of peace offerings unto the LORD, with the  of unleavened : the  shall offer also his meat , and his  .

 And the  shall shave the head of his separation at the door of the  of the , and shall take the hair of the head of his separation, and put it in the fire which is under the  of the peace offerings.

 And the  shall take the sodden shoulder of the , and one unleavened  out of the , and one unleavened wafer, and shall put them upon the hands of the , after the hair of his separation is shaven:

 And the  shall wave them for a wave  before the LORD: this is holy for the , with the wave breast and heave shoulder: and after that the  may  .

 This is the law of the  who hath vowed, and of his  unto the LORD for his separation, beside that that his hand shall get: according to the vow which he vowed, so he must do after the law of his separation.

 And the LORD spake unto , saying,

 Speak unto  and unto his sons, saying, On this  ye shall  the children of , saying unto them,

 The LORD  thee, and keep thee:

 The LORD make his face shine upon thee, and be gracious unto thee:

 The LORD lift up his countenance upon thee, and give thee peace.

 And they shall put my name upon the children of , and I will  them.
