King James Version: Numbers: Numbers Chapter
King James Version: Numbers Chapter
These also are the generations of  and  in the day that the LORD spake with  in  .

 And these are the names of the sons of ;  the firstborn, and , , and .

 These are the names of the sons of , the priests which were anointed, whom he consecrated to  in the priest's office.

 And  and  died before the LORD, when they offered strange fire before the LORD, in the  of , and they had no children: and  and  ministered in the priest's office in the sight of  their father.

 And the LORD spake unto , saying,

 Bring the  of  near, and present them before  the , that they may  unto him.

 And they shall keep his charge, and the charge of the whole  before the  of the , to do the service of the .

 And they shall keep all the instruments of the  of the , and the charge of the children of , to do the service of the .

 And thou shalt give the Levites unto  and to his sons: they are wholly given unto him out of the children of .

 And thou shalt appoint  and his sons, and they shall wait on their priest's office: and the  that cometh nigh shall be put to death.

 And the LORD spake unto , saying,

 And I, behold, I have taken the Levites from among the children of  instead of all the firstborn that openeth the matrix among the children of : therefore the Levites shall be mine;

 Because all the firstborn are mine; for on the day that I smote all the firstborn in the land of  I hallowed unto me all the firstborn in , both man and : mine shall they be: I am the LORD.

 And the LORD spake unto  in the  of , saying,

 Number the children of  after the house of their fathers, by their families: every male from a month old and upward shalt thou number them.

 And  numbered them according to the word of the LORD, as he was commanded.

 And these were the sons of  by their names; , and , and .

 And these are the names of the sons of  by their families; , and .

 And the sons of  by their families; , and Izehar, , and .

 And the sons of  by their families; Mahli, and . These are the families of the Levites according to the house of their fathers.

 Of  was the family of the Libnites, and the family of the Shimites: these are the families of the Gershonites.

 Those that were numbered of them, according to the number of all the males, from a month old and upward, even those that were numbered of them were  thousand and five hundred.

 The families of the Gershonites shall  behind the  .

 And the chief of the house of the father of the Gershonites shall be Eliasaph the son of Lael.

 And the charge of the sons of  in the  of the  shall be the , and the , the covering thereof, and the  for the door of the  of the ,

 And the hangings of the court, and the  for the door of the court, which is by the , and by the  round about, and the cords of it for all the service thereof.

 And of  was the family of the Amramites, and the family of the Izeharites, and the family of the Hebronites, and the family of the Uzzielites: these are the families of the .

 In the number of all the males, from a month old and upward, were eight thousand and six hundred, keeping the charge of the .

 The families of the sons of  shall  on the side of the  southward.

 And the chief of the house of the father of the families of the  shall be Elizaphan the son of .

 And their charge shall be the , and the table, and the , and the altars, and the vessels of the  wherewith they , and the , and all the service thereof.

 And  the son of  the  shall be chief over the chief of the Levites, and have the oversight of them that keep the charge of the .

 Of  was the family of the Mahlites, and the family of the Mushites: these are the families of .

 And those that were numbered of them, according to the number of all the males, from a month old and upward, were six thousand and two hundred.

 And the chief of the house of the father of the families of  was  the son of : these shall  on the side of the  .

 And under the custody and charge of the sons of  shall be the boards of the , and the bars thereof, and the pillars thereof, and the sockets thereof, and all the vessels thereof, and all that serveth thereto,

 And the pillars of the court round about, and their sockets, and their pins, and their cords.

 But those that  before the  toward the , even before the  of the  eastward, shall be , and  and his sons, keeping the charge of the  for the charge of the children of ; and the  that cometh nigh shall be put to death.

 All that were numbered of the Levites, which  and  numbered at the commandment of the LORD, throughout their families, all the males from a month old and upward, were twenty and two thousand.

 And the LORD said unto , Number all the firstborn of the males of the children of  from a month old and upward, and take the number of their names.

 And thou shalt take the Levites for me (I am the LORD) instead of all the firstborn among the children of ; and the  of the Levites instead of all the firstlings among the  of the children of .

 And  numbered, as the LORD commanded him, all the firstborn among the children of .

 And all the firstborn males by the number of names, from a month old and upward, of those that were numbered of them, were twenty and two thousand two hundred and threescore and thirteen.

 And the LORD spake unto , saying,

 Take the Levites instead of all the firstborn among the children of , and the  of the Levites instead of their ; and the Levites shall be mine: I am the LORD.

 And for those that are to be redeemed of the two hundred and threescore and thirteen of the firstborn of the children of , which are more than the Levites;

 Thou shalt even take five shekels apiece by the poll, after the  of the  shalt thou take them: (the  is twenty gerahs:)

 And thou shalt give the money, wherewith the odd number of them is to be redeemed, unto  and to his sons.

 And  took the  money of them that were over and above them that were redeemed by the Levites:

 Of the firstborn of the children of  took he the money; a thousand three hundred and threescore and five shekels, after the  of the :

 And  gave the money of them that were redeemed unto  and to his sons, according to the word of the LORD, as the LORD commanded .
