King James Version: Numbers: Numbers Chapter
King James Version: Numbers Chapter
And the LORD said unto , Thou and thy sons and thy father's house with thee shall bear the iniquity of the : and thou and thy sons with thee shall bear the iniquity of your priesthood.

 And thy brethren also of the  of , the  of thy father, bring thou with thee, that they may be joined unto thee, and  unto thee: but thou and thy sons with thee shall  before the  of .

 And they shall keep thy charge, and the charge of all the : only they shall not come nigh the vessels of the  and the , that neither they, nor ye also, die.

 And they shall be joined unto thee, and keep the charge of the  of the , for all the service of the : and a  shall not come nigh unto you.

 And ye shall keep the charge of the , and the charge of the : that there be no wrath any more upon the children of .

 And I, behold, I have taken your brethren the Levites from among the children of : to you they are given as a  for the LORD, to do the service of the  of the .

 Therefore thou and thy sons with thee shall keep your priest's office for everything of the , and within the vail; and ye shall serve: I have given your priest's office unto you as a service of : and the  that cometh nigh shall be put to death.

 And the LORD spake unto , Behold, I also have given thee the charge of mine heave offerings of all the hallowed things of the children of ; unto thee have I given them by reason of the anointing, and to thy sons, by an ordinance for ever.

 This shall be thine of the most holy things, reserved from the fire: every oblation of theirs, every meat  of theirs, and every   of theirs, and every trespass  of theirs which they shall render unto me, shall be most holy for thee and for thy sons.

 In the most holy place shalt thou eat it; every male shall eat it: it shall be holy unto thee.

 And this is thine; the heave  of their , with all the wave offerings of the children of : I have given them unto thee, and to thy sons and to thy daughters with thee, by a statute for ever: every one that is  in thy house shall eat of it.

 All the best of the oil, and all the best of the , and of the , the firstfruits of them which they shall offer unto the LORD, them have I given thee.

 And whatsoever is first ripe in the land, which they shall bring unto the LORD, shall be thine; every one that is  in thine house shall eat of it.

 Every thing devoted in  shall be thine.

 Every thing that openeth the matrix in all , which they bring unto the LORD, whether it be of men or beasts, shall be thine: nevertheless the firstborn of man shalt thou surely redeem, and the firstling of unclean beasts shalt thou redeem.

 And those that are to be redeemed from a month old shalt thou redeem, according to thine estimation, for the money of five shekels, after the  of the , which is twenty gerahs.

 But the firstling of a , or the firstling of a , or the firstling of a , thou shalt not redeem; they are holy: thou shalt sprinkle their  upon the , and shalt burn their  for an  made by fire, for a sweet savour unto the LORD.

 And the  of them shall be thine, as the wave breast and as the right shoulder are thine.

 All the heave offerings of the holy things, which the children of  offer unto the LORD, have I given thee, and thy sons and thy daughters with thee, by a statute for ever: it is a  of  for ever before the LORD unto thee and to thy seed with thee.

 And the LORD spake unto , Thou shalt have no inheritance in their land, neither shalt thou have any part among them: I am thy part and thine inheritance among the children of .

 And, behold, I have given the children of  all the tenth in  for an inheritance, for their service which they serve, even the service of the  of the .

 Neither must the children of  henceforth come nigh the  of the , lest they bear , and die.

 But the Levites shall do the service of the  of the , and they shall bear their iniquity: it shall be a statute for ever throughout your generations, that among the children of  they have no inheritance.

 But the tithes of the children of , which they offer as an heave  unto the LORD, I have given to the Levites to inherit: therefore I have said unto them, Among the children of  they shall have no inheritance.

 And the LORD spake unto , saying,

 Thus speak unto the Levites, and say unto them, When ye take of the children of  the tithes which I have given you from them for your inheritance, then ye shall offer up an heave  of it for the LORD, even a tenth part of the .

 And this your heave  shall be reckoned unto you, as though it were the  of the threshingfloor, and as the  of the winepress.

 Thus ye also shall offer an heave  unto the LORD of all your tithes, which ye receive of the children of ; and ye shall give thereof the LORD's heave  to  the .

 Out of all your gifts ye shall offer every heave  of the LORD, of all the best thereof, even the hallowed part thereof out of it.

 Therefore thou shalt say unto them, When ye have heaved the best thereof from it, then it shall be counted unto the Levites as the increase of the threshingfloor, and as the increase of the winepress.

 And ye shall eat it in every place, ye and your households: for it is your reward for your service in the  of the .

 And ye shall bear no  by reason of it, when ye have heaved from it the best of it: neither shall ye pollute the holy things of the children of , lest ye die.
