King James Version: Numbers: Numbers Chapter
King James Version: Numbers Chapter
And the LORD spake unto  and unto , saying,

 Every man of the children of  shall  by his own standard, with the  of their father's house: far off about the  of the  shall they .

 And on the  side toward the rising of the  shall they of the standard of the  of   throughout their armies: and  the son of  shall be captain of the children of .

 And his , and those that were numbered of them, were threescore and fourteen thousand and six hundred.

 And those that do  next unto him shall be the  of : and  the son of Zuar shall be captain of the children of .

 And his , and those that were numbered thereof, were fifty and four thousand and four hundred.

 Then the  of : and  the son of  shall be captain of the children of .

 And his , and those that were numbered thereof, were fifty and  thousand and four hundred.

 All that were numbered in the  of  were an hundred thousand and fourscore thousand and six thousand and four hundred, throughout their armies. These shall first set forth.

 On the south side shall be the standard of the  of  according to their armies: and the captain of the children of  shall be Elizur the son of Shedeur.

 And his , and those that were numbered thereof, were forty and six thousand and five hundred.

 And those which  by him shall be the  of : and the captain of the children of  shall be Shelumiel the son of .

 And his , and those that were numbered of them, were fifty and nine thousand and three hundred.

 Then the  of : and the captain of the sons of  shall be Eliasaph the son of .

 And his , and those that were numbered of them, were forty and five thousand and six hundred and fifty.

 All that were numbered in the  of  were an hundred thousand and fifty and one thousand and four hundred and fifty, throughout their armies. And they shall set forth in the second rank.

 Then the  of the  shall set forward with the  of the Levites in the midst of the : as they , so shall they set forward, every man in his place by their standards.

 On the west side shall be the standard of the  of  according to their armies: and the captain of the sons of  shall be  the son of .

 And his , and those that were numbered of them, were forty thousand and five hundred.

 And by him shall be the  of : and the captain of the children of  shall be  the son of .

 And his , and those that were numbered of them, were thirty and two thousand and two hundred.

 Then the  of : and the captain of the sons of  shall be  the son of Gideoni.

 And his , and those that were numbered of them, were thirty and five thousand and four hundred.

 All that were numbered of the  of  were an hundred thousand and eight thousand and an hundred, throughout their armies. And they shall go forward in the third rank.

 The standard of the  of  shall be on the north side by their armies: and the captain of the children of  shall be  the son of .

 And his , and those that were numbered of them, were threescore and two thousand and  hundred.

 And those that  by him shall be the  of : and the captain of the children of  shall be  the son of Ocran.

 And his , and those that were numbered of them, were forty and one thousand and five hundred.

 Then the  of : and the captain of the children of  shall be  the son of Enan.

 And his , and those that were numbered of them, were fifty and three thousand and four hundred.

 All they that were numbered in the  of  were an hundred thousand and fifty and  thousand and six hundred. They shall go hindmost with their standards.

 These are those which were numbered of the children of  by the house of their fathers: all those that were numbered of the camps throughout their hosts were six hundred thousand and three thousand and five hundred and fifty.

 But the Levites were not numbered among the children of ; as the LORD commanded .

 And the children of  did according to all that the LORD commanded : so they pitched by their standards, and so they set forward, every one after their families, according to the house of their fathers.
