King James Version: Numbers: Numbers Chapter
King James Version: Numbers Chapter
Now , the son of , the son of , the son of , and  and , the sons of , and On, the son of , sons of , took men:

 And they rose up before , with certain of the children of , two hundred and fifty princes of the assembly, famous in the , men of renown:

 And they gathered themselves together against  and against , and said unto them, Ye take too much upon you, seeing all the  are holy, every one of them, and the LORD is among them: wherefore then lift ye up yourselves above the  of the LORD?

 And when  heard it, he fell upon his face:

 And he spake unto  and unto all his company, saying, Even to morrow the LORD will shew who are his, and who is holy; and will cause him to come near unto him: even him whom he hath  will he cause to come near unto him.

 This do; Take you censers, , and all his company;

 And put fire therein, and put  in them before the LORD to morrow: and it shall be that the man whom the LORD doth choose, he shall be holy: ye take too much upon you, ye sons of .

 And  said unto , Hear, I pray you, ye sons of :

 Seemeth it but a small thing unto you, that the God of  hath separated you from the  of , to bring you near to himself to do the service of the  of the LORD, and to stand before the  to  unto them?

 And he hath brought thee near to him, and all thy brethren the sons of  with thee: and seek ye the priesthood also?

 For which cause both thou and all thy company are gathered together against the LORD: and what is , that ye murmur against him?

 And  sent to call  and , the sons of : which said, We will not come up:

 Is it a small thing that thou hast brought us up out of a land that floweth with  and , to kill us in the , except thou make thyself altogether a  over us?

 Moreover thou hast not brought us into a land that floweth with  and , or given us inheritance of fields and vineyards: wilt thou put out the eyes of these men? we will not come up.

 And  was very wroth, and said unto the LORD, Respect not thou their : I have not taken one  from them, neither have I hurt one of them.

 And  said unto , Be thou and all thy company before the LORD, thou, and they, and , to morrow:

 And take every man his , and put  in them, and bring ye before the LORD every man his , two hundred and fifty censers; thou also, and , each of you his .

 And they took every man his , and put fire in them, and laid  thereon, and stood in the door of the  of the  with  and .

 And  gathered all the  against them unto the door of the  of the : and the  of the LORD appeared unto all the .

 And the LORD spake unto  and unto , saying,

 Separate yourselves from among this , that I may consume them in a moment.

 And they fell upon their faces, and said, O God, the God of the spirits of all , shall one man , and wilt thou be wroth with all the ?

 And the LORD spake unto , saying,

 Speak unto the , saying, Get you up from about the  of , , and .

 And  rose up and went unto  and ; and the elders of  followed him.

 And he spake unto the , saying, Depart, I pray you, from the tents of these wicked men, and touch nothing of their's, lest ye be consumed in all their sins.

 So they gat up from the  of , , and , on every side: and  and  came out, and stood in the door of their tents, and their wives, and their sons, and their little children.

 And  said, Hereby ye shall know that the LORD hath sent me to do all these works; for I have not done them of mine own mind.

 If these men die the common death of all men, or if they be visited after the visitation of all men; then the LORD hath not sent me.

 But if the LORD make a new thing, and the earth open her mouth, and  them up, with all that appertain unto them, and they go down quick into the ; then ye shall understand that these men have provoked the LORD.

 And it came to pass, as he had made an end of speaking all these words, that the ground clave asunder that was under them:

 And the earth opened her mouth, and swallowed them up, and their houses, and all the men that appertained unto , and all their goods.

 They, and all that appertained to them, went down alive into the , and the earth closed upon them: and they perished from among the .

 And all  that were round about them fled at the cry of them: for they said, Lest the earth  us up also.

 And there came out a fire from the LORD, and consumed the two hundred and fifty men that offered .

 And the LORD spake unto , saying,

 Speak unto  the son of  the , that he take up the censers out of the burning, and scatter thou the fire yonder; for they are hallowed.

 The censers of these sinners against their own souls, let them make them broad plates for a covering of the : for they offered them before the LORD, therefore they are hallowed: and they shall be a sign unto the children of .

 And  the  took the brasen censers, wherewith they that were burnt had offered; and they were made broad plates for a covering of the :

 To be a memorial unto the children of , that no , which is not of the seed of , come near to offer  before the LORD; that he be not as , and as his company: as the LORD said to him by the hand of .

 But on the morrow all the  of the children of  murmured against  and against , saying, Ye have killed the people of the LORD.

 And it came to pass, when the  was gathered against  and against , that they looked toward the  of the : and, behold, the  covered it, and the  of the LORD appeared.

 And  and  came before the  of the .

 And the LORD spake unto , saying,

 Get you up from among this , that I may consume them as in a moment. And they fell upon their faces.

 And  said unto , Take a , and put fire therein from off the , and put on , and go quickly unto the , and make an  for them: for there is wrath gone out from the LORD; the  is begun.

 And  took as  commanded, and ran into the midst of the ; and, behold, the  was begun among the people: and he put on , and made an  for the people.

 And he stood between the dead and the living; and the  was stayed.

 Now they that died in the  were fourteen thousand and  hundred, beside them that died about the matter of .

 And  returned unto  unto the door of the  of the : and the  was stayed.
