King James Version: Numbers: Numbers Chapter
King James Version: Numbers Chapter
And the LORD spake unto , saying,

 Command the children of , and say unto them, My , and my  for my sacrifices made by fire, for a sweet savour unto me, shall ye observe to offer unto me in their due season.

 And thou shalt say unto them, This is the  made by fire which ye shall offer unto the LORD; two lambs of the first year without spot day by day, for a continual burnt .

 The one  shalt thou offer in the morning, and the other  shalt thou offer at even;

 And a tenth part of an  of  for a meat , mingled with the fourth part of an hin of beaten oil.

 It is a continual burnt , which was ordained in   for a sweet savour, a  made by fire unto the LORD.

 And the   thereof shall be the fourth part of an hin for the one : in the holy place shalt thou cause the strong  to be poured unto the LORD for a  .

 And the other  shalt thou offer at even: as the meat  of the morning, and as the   thereof, thou shalt offer it, a  made by fire, of a sweet savour unto the LORD.

 And on the  day two lambs of the first year without spot, and two tenth deals of  for a meat , mingled with oil, and the   thereof:

 This is the burnt  of every , beside the continual burnt , and his  .

 And in the beginnings of your months ye shall offer a burnt  unto the LORD; two young bullocks, and one ,  lambs of the first year without spot;

 And three tenth deals of  for a meat , mingled with oil, for one ; and two tenth deals of  for a meat , mingled with oil, for one ;

 And a several tenth deal of  mingled with oil for a meat  unto one ; for a burnt  of a sweet savour, a  made by fire unto the LORD.

 And their  offerings shall be half an hin of  unto a , and the third part of an hin unto a , and a fourth part of an hin unto a : this is the burnt  of every month throughout the months of the year.

 And one kid of the goats for a   unto the LORD shall be offered, beside the continual burnt , and his  .

 And in the fourteenth day of the first month is the  of the LORD.

 And in the fifteenth day of this month is the :  days shall unleavened  be eaten.

 In the first day shall be an holy ; ye shall do no manner of servile work therein:

 But ye shall offer a  made by fire for a burnt  unto the LORD; two young bullocks, and one , and  lambs of the first year: they shall be unto you without :

 And their meat  shall be of  mingled with oil: three tenth deals shall ye offer for a , and two tenth deals for a ;

 A several tenth deal shalt thou offer for every , throughout the  lambs:

 And one  for a  , to make an  for you.

 Ye shall offer these beside the burnt  in the morning, which is for a continual burnt .

 After this manner ye shall offer daily, throughout the  days, the meat of the  made by fire, of a sweet savour unto the LORD: it shall be offered beside the continual burnt , and his  .

 And on the seventh day ye shall have an holy ; ye shall do no servile work.

 Also in the day of the firstfruits, when ye bring a new meat  unto the LORD, after your weeks be out, ye shall have an holy ; ye shall do no servile work:

 But ye shall offer the burnt  for a sweet savour unto the LORD; two young bullocks, one ,  lambs of the first year;

 And their meat  of  mingled with oil, three tenth deals unto one , two tenth deals unto one ,

 A several tenth deal unto one , throughout the  lambs;

 And one kid of the goats, to make an  for you.

 Ye shall offer them beside the continual burnt , and his meat , (they shall be unto you without ) and their  offerings.
