King James Version: Numbers: Numbers Chapter
King James Version: Numbers Chapter
And the LORD spake unto , saying,

 Speak unto the children of , and say unto them, When ye be come into the land of your habitations, which I give unto you,

 And will make an  by fire unto the LORD, a burnt , or a  in performing a vow, or in a freewill , or in your solemn feasts, to make a sweet savour unto the LORD, of the  or of the flock:

 Then shall he that offereth his  unto the LORD bring a meat  of a tenth deal of  mingled with the fourth part of an hin of oil.

 And the fourth part of an hin of  for a   shalt thou prepare with the burnt  or , for one .

 Or for a , thou shalt prepare for a meat  two tenth deals of  mingled with the third part of an hin of oil.

 And for a   thou shalt offer the third part of an hin of , for a sweet savour unto the LORD.

 And when thou preparest a  for a burnt , or for a  in performing a vow, or peace offerings unto the LORD:

 Then shall he bring with a  a meat  of three tenth deals of  mingled with half an hin of oil.

 And thou shalt bring for a   half an hin of , for an  made by fire, of a sweet savour unto the LORD.

 Thus shall it be done for one , or for one , or for a , or a kid.

 According to the number that ye shall prepare, so shall ye do to every one according to their number.

 All that are born of the country shall do these things after this manner, in  an  made by fire, of a sweet savour unto the LORD.

 And if a  sojourn with you, or whosoever be among you in your generations, and will offer an  made by fire, of a sweet savour unto the LORD; as ye do, so he shall do.

 One ordinance shall be both for you of the , and also for the  that sojourneth with you, an ordinance for ever in your generations: as ye are, so shall the  be before the LORD.

 One law and one manner shall be for you, and for the  that sojourneth with you.

 And the LORD spake unto , saying,

 Speak unto the children of , and say unto them, When ye come into the land whither I bring you,

 Then it shall be, that, when ye eat of the  of the land, ye shall offer up an heave  unto the LORD.

 Ye shall offer up a  of the first of your  for an heave : as ye do the heave  of the threshingfloor, so shall ye heave it.

 Of the first of your  ye shall give unto the LORD an heave  in your generations.

 And if ye have erred, and not observed all these commandments, which the LORD hath spoken unto ,

 Even all that the LORD hath commanded you by the hand of , from the day that the LORD commanded , and henceforward among your generations;

 Then it shall be, if ought be committed by ignorance without the knowledge of the , that all the  shall offer one young  for a burnt , for a sweet savour unto the LORD, with his meat , and his  , according to the manner, and one kid of the goats for a  .

 And the  shall make an  for all the  of the children of , and it shall be forgiven them; for it is ignorance: and they shall bring their , a  made by fire unto the LORD, and their   before the LORD, for their ignorance:

 And it shall be forgiven all the  of the children of , and the  that sojourneth among them; seeing all the people were in ignorance.

 And if any soul  through ignorance, then he shall bring a she  of the first year for a  .

 And the  shall make an  for the soul that sinneth ignorantly, when he sinneth by ignorance before the LORD, to make an  for him; and it shall be forgiven him.

 Ye shall have one law for him that sinneth through ignorance, both for him that is born among the children of , and for the  that sojourneth among them.

 But the soul that doeth ought presumptuously, whether he be born in the land, or a , the same reproacheth the LORD; and that soul shall be cut off from among his people.

 Because he hath despised the word of the LORD, and hath broken his commandment, that soul shall utterly be cut off; his iniquity shall be upon him.

 And while the children of  were in the , they found a man that gathered sticks upon the  day.

 And they that found him gathering sticks brought him unto  and , and unto all the .

 And they put him in , because it was not declared what should be done to him.

 And the LORD said unto , The man shall be surely put to death: all the  shall  him with stones without the .

 And all the  brought him without the , and stoned him with stones, and he died; as the LORD commanded .

 And the LORD spake unto , saying,

 Speak unto the children of , and bid them that they make them fringes in the borders of their garments throughout their generations, and that they put upon the fringe of the borders a ribband of :

 And it shall be unto you for a fringe, that ye may look upon it, and remember all the commandments of the LORD, and do them; and that ye seek not after your own heart and your own eyes, after which ye use to go a whoring:

 That ye may remember, and do all my commandments, and be holy unto your God.

 I am the LORD your God, which brought you out of the land of , to be your God: I am the LORD your God.
