King James Version: Numbers: Numbers Chapter
King James Version: Numbers Chapter
These are the journeys of the children of , which went forth out of the land of  with their armies under the hand of  and .

 And  wrote their goings out according to their journeys by the commandment of the LORD: and these are their journeys according to their goings out.

 And they departed from  in the first month, on the fifteenth day of the first month; on the morrow after the  the children of  went out with an high hand in the sight of all the Egyptians.

 For the Egyptians buried all their firstborn, which the LORD had smitten among them: upon their gods also the LORD executed judgments.

 And the children of  removed from , and pitched in .

 And they departed from , and pitched in , which is in the edge of the .

 And they removed from , and turned again unto Pihahiroth, which is before Baalzephon: and they pitched before .

 And they departed from before Pihahiroth, and passed through the midst of the sea into the , and went three days'  in the  of , and pitched in .

 And they removed from , and came unto : and in  were twelve fountains of water, and threescore and ten palm trees; and they pitched there.

 And they removed from , and encamped by the Red sea.

 And they removed from the Red sea, and encamped in the  of .

 And they took their  out of the  of , and encamped in .

 And they departed from , and encamped in .

 And they removed from , and encamped at , where was no water for the people to .

 And they departed from , and pitched in the  of .

 And they removed from the  of , and pitched at Kibrothhattaavah.

 And they departed from Kibrothhattaavah, and encamped at .

 And they departed from , and pitched in .

 And they departed from , and pitched at Rimmonparez.

 And they departed from Rimmonparez, and pitched in .

 And they removed from , and pitched at .

 And they journeyed from , and pitched in .

 And they went from , and pitched in  .

 And they removed from  , and encamped in .

 And they removed from , and pitched in .

 And they removed from , and encamped at Tahath.

 And they departed from Tahath, and pitched at .

 And they removed from , and pitched in .

 And they went from , and pitched in .

 And they departed from , and encamped at .

 And they departed from , and pitched in Benejaakan.

 And they removed from Benejaakan, and encamped at Horhagidgad.

 And they went from Horhagidgad, and pitched in Jotbathah.

 And they removed from Jotbathah, and encamped at .

 And they departed from , and encamped at Eziongaber.

 And they removed from Eziongaber, and pitched in the  of , which is .

 And they removed from , and pitched in  , in the edge of the land of .

 And  the  went up into   at the commandment of the LORD, and died there, in the fortieth year after the children of  were come out of the land of , in the first day of the fifth month.

 And  was an hundred and twenty and three years old when he died in  .

 And   the , which dwelt in the south in the land of , heard of the coming of the children of .

 And they departed from  , and pitched in .

 And they departed from , and pitched in Punon.

 And they departed from Punon, and pitched in .

 And they departed from , and pitched in Ijeabarim, in the border of .

 And they departed from , and pitched in Dibongad.

 And they removed from Dibongad, and encamped in Almondiblathaim.

 And they removed from Almondiblathaim, and pitched in the mountains of , before .

 And they departed from the mountains of , and pitched in the plains of  by  near .

 And they pitched by , from Bethjesimoth even unto Abelshittim in the plains of .

 And the LORD spake unto  in the plains of  by  near , saying,

 Speak unto the children of , and say unto them, When ye are passed over  into the land of ;

 Then ye shall drive out all the inhabitants of the land from before you, and destroy all their pictures, and destroy all their molten images, and quite pluck down all their high places:

 And ye shall dispossess the inhabitants of the land, and dwell therein: for I have given you the land to possess it.

 And ye shall divide the land by lot for an inheritance among your families: and to the more ye shall give the more inheritance, and to the fewer ye shall give the less inheritance: every man's inheritance shall be in the place where his lot falleth; according to the tribes of your fathers ye shall inherit.

 But if ye will not drive out the inhabitants of the land from before you; then it shall come to pass, that those which ye let remain of them shall be pricks in your eyes, and thorns in your sides, and shall vex you in the land wherein ye dwell.

 Moreover it shall come to pass, that I shall do unto you, as I thought to do unto them.
