King James Version: Numbers: Numbers Chapter
King James Version: Numbers Chapter
And the LORD spake unto  and unto , saying,

 This is the ordinance of the law which the LORD hath commanded, saying, Speak unto the children of , that they bring thee a red  without spot, wherein is no , and upon which never came :

 And ye shall give her unto  the , that he may bring her forth without the , and one shall slay her before his face:

 And  the  shall take of her  with his finger, and sprinkle of her  directly before the  of the   times:

 And one shall burn the  in his sight; her skin, and her , and her , with her , shall he burn:

 And the  shall take  , and , and , and cast it into the midst of the burning of the .

 Then the  shall wash his clothes, and he shall bathe his  in water, and afterward he shall come into the , and the  shall be unclean until the even.

 And he that burneth her shall wash his clothes in water, and bathe his  in water, and shall be unclean until the even.

 And a man that is  shall gather up the  of the , and lay them up without the  in a  place, and it shall be kept for the  of the children of  for a water of separation: it is a  for .

 And he that gathereth the  of the  shall wash his clothes, and be unclean until the even: and it shall be unto the children of , and unto the  that sojourneth among them, for a statute for ever.

 He that toucheth the dead body of any man shall be unclean  days.

 He shall purify himself with it on the third day, and on the seventh day he shall be : but if he purify not himself the third day, then the seventh day he shall not be .

 Whosoever toucheth the dead body of any man that is dead, and purifieth not himself, defileth the  of the LORD; and that soul shall be cut off from : because the water of separation was not sprinkled upon him, he shall be unclean; his uncleanness is yet upon him.

 This is the law, when a man dieth in a : all that come into the , and all that is in the , shall be unclean  days.

 And every open vessel, which hath no covering bound upon it, is unclean.

 And whosoever toucheth one that is slain with a  in the open fields, or a dead body, or a bone of a man, or a , shall be unclean  days.

 And for an unclean person they shall take of the  of the burnt  of  for , and running water shall be put thereto in a vessel:

 And a  person shall take , and dip it in the water, and sprinkle it upon the , and upon all the vessels, and upon the persons that were there, and upon him that touched a bone, or one slain, or one dead, or a :

 And the  person shall sprinkle upon the unclean on the third day, and on the seventh day: and on the seventh day he shall purify himself, and wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and shall be  at even.

 But the man that shall be unclean, and shall not purify himself, that soul shall be cut off from among the , because he hath defiled the  of the LORD: the water of separation hath not been sprinkled upon him; he is unclean.

 And it shall be a perpetual statute unto them, that he that sprinkleth the water of separation shall wash his clothes; and he that toucheth the water of separation shall be unclean until even.

 And whatsoever the unclean person toucheth shall be unclean; and the soul that toucheth it shall be unclean until even.
