King James Version: Numbers: Numbers Chapter
King James Version: Numbers Chapter
And the LORD spake unto  and unto , saying,

 Take the sum of the sons of  from among the sons of , after their families, by the house of their fathers,

 From thirty years old and upward even until fifty years old, all that enter into the , to do the work in the  of the .

 This shall be the service of the sons of  in the  of the , about the most holy things:

 And when the  setteth forward,  shall come, and his sons, and they shall take down the covering vail, and cover the  of  with it:

 And shall put thereon the covering of badgers' skins, and shall spread over it a cloth wholly of , and shall put in the staves thereof.

 And upon the table of  they shall spread a cloth of , and put thereon the dishes, and the spoons, and the bowls, and covers to cover withal: and the continual  shall be thereon:

 And they shall spread upon them a cloth of , and cover the same with a covering of badgers' skins, and shall put in the staves thereof.

 And they shall take a cloth of , and cover the  of the light, and his lamps, and his tongs, and his snuffdishes, and all the oil vessels thereof, wherewith they  unto it:

 And they shall put it and all the vessels thereof within a covering of badgers' skins, and shall put it upon a bar.

 And upon the golden  they shall spread a cloth of , and cover it with a covering of badgers' skins, and shall put to the staves thereof:

 And they shall take all the instruments of ministry, wherewith they  in the , and put them in a cloth of , and cover them with a covering of badgers' skins, and shall put them on a bar:

 And they shall take away the  from the , and spread a purple cloth thereon:

 And they shall put upon it all the vessels thereof, wherewith they  about it, even the censers, the fleshhooks, and the shovels, and the basons, all the vessels of the ; and they shall spread upon it a covering of badgers' skins, and put to the staves of it.

 And when  and his sons have made an end of covering the , and all the vessels of the , as the  is to set forward; after that, the sons of  shall come to bear it: but they shall not touch any holy thing, lest they die. These things are the  of the sons of  in the  of the .

 And to the office of  the son of  the  pertaineth the oil for the light, and the sweet , and the daily meat , and the anointing oil, and the oversight of all the , and of all that therein is, in the , and in the vessels thereof.

 And the LORD spake unto  and unto  saying,

 Cut ye not off the  of the families of the  from among the Levites:

 But thus do unto them, that they may live, and not die, when they approach unto the most holy things:  and his sons shall go in, and appoint them every one to his service and to his :

 But they shall not go in to see when the holy things are covered, lest they die.

 And the LORD spake unto , saying,

 Take also the sum of the sons of , throughout the houses of their fathers, by their families;

 From thirty years old and upward until fifty years old shalt thou number them; all that enter in to perform the service, to do the work in the  of the .

 This is the service of the families of the Gershonites, to serve, and for burdens:

 And they shall bear the curtains of the , and the  of the , his covering, and the covering of the badgers' skins that is above upon it, and the  for the door of the  of the ,

 And the hangings of the court, and the  for the door of the  of the court, which is by the  and by the  round about, and their cords, and all the instruments of their service, and all that is made for them: so shall they serve.

 At the appointment of  and his sons shall be all the service of the sons of the Gershonites, in all their burdens, and in all their service: and ye shall appoint unto them in charge all their burdens.

 This is the service of the families of the sons of  in the  of the : and their charge shall be under the hand of  the son of  the .

 As for the sons of , thou shalt number them after their families, by the house of their fathers;

 From thirty years old and upward even unto fifty years old shalt thou number them, every one that entereth into the service, to do the work of the  of the .

 And this is the charge of their , according to all their service in the  of the ; the boards of the , and the bars thereof, and the pillars thereof, and sockets thereof,

 And the pillars of the court round about, and their sockets, and their pins, and their cords, with all their instruments, and with all their service: and by name ye shall reckon the instruments of the charge of their .

 This is the service of the families of the sons of , according to all their service, in the  of the , under the hand of  the son of  the .

 And  and  and the chief of the  numbered the sons of the  after their families, and after the house of their fathers,

 From thirty years old and upward even unto fifty years old, every one that entereth into the service, for the work in the  of the :

 And those that were numbered of them by their families were two thousand  hundred and fifty.

 These were they that were numbered of the families of the , all that might do service in the  of the , which  and  did number according to the commandment of the LORD by the hand of .

 And those that were numbered of the sons of , throughout their families, and by the house of their fathers,

 From thirty years old and upward even unto fifty years old, every one that entereth into the service, for the work in the  of the ,

 Even those that were numbered of them, throughout their families, by the house of their fathers, were two thousand and six hundred and thirty.

 These are they that were numbered of the families of the sons of , of all that might do service in the  of the , whom  and  did number according to the commandment of the LORD.

 And those that were numbered of the families of the sons of , throughout their families, by the house of their fathers,

 From thirty years old and upward even unto fifty years old, every one that entereth into the service, for the work in the  of the ,

 Even those that were numbered of them after their families, were three thousand and two hundred.

 These be those that were numbered of the families of the sons of , whom  and  numbered according to the word of the LORD by the hand of .

 All those that were numbered of the Levites, whom  and  and the chief of  numbered, after their families, and after the house of their fathers,

 From thirty years old and upward even unto fifty years old, every one that came to do the service of the ministry, and the service of the  in the  of the .

 Even those that were numbered of them, were eight thousand and five hundred and fourscore,

 According to the commandment of the LORD they were numbered by the hand of , every one according to his service, and according to his : thus were they numbered of him, as the LORD commanded .
