King James Version: Numbers: Numbers Chapter
King James Version: Numbers Chapter
And the LORD spake unto , saying,

 Make thee two  of ; of a whole piece shalt thou make them: that thou mayest use them for the  of the assembly, and for the journeying of the camps.

 And when they shall blow with them, all the assembly shall assemble themselves to thee at the door of the  of the .

 And if they blow but with one trumpet, then the princes, which are heads of the  of , shall gather themselves unto thee.

 When ye blow an , then the camps that lie on the  parts shall go forward.

 When ye blow an  the second time, then the camps that lie on the south side shall take their : they shall blow an  for their journeys.

 But when the  is to be gathered together, ye shall blow, but ye shall not sound an .

 And the sons of , the priests, shall blow with the ; and they shall be to you for an ordinance for ever throughout your generations.

 And if ye go to war in your land against the enemy that oppresseth you, then ye shall blow an  with the ; and ye shall be remembered before the LORD your God, and ye shall be saved from your enemies.

 Also in the day of your gladness, and in your solemn days, and in the beginnings of your months, ye shall blow with the  over your burnt offerings, and over the sacrifices of your peace offerings; that they may be to you for a memorial before your God: I am the LORD your God.

 And it came to pass on the twentieth day of the second month, in the second year, that the  was taken up from off the  of the .

 And the children of  took their journeys out of the  of ; and the  rested in the  of .

 And they first took their  according to the commandment of the LORD by the hand of .

 In the first place went the standard of the  of the children of  according to their armies: and over his  was  the son of .

 And over the  of the  of the children of  was  the son of Zuar.

 And over the  of the  of the children of  was  the son of .

 And the  was taken down; and the sons of  and the sons of  set forward, bearing the .

 And the standard of the  of  set forward according to their armies: and over his  was Elizur the son of Shedeur.

 And over the  of the  of the children of  was Shelumiel the son of .

 And over the  of the  of the children of  was Eliasaph the son of Deuel.

 And the  set forward, bearing the : and the other did set up the  against they came.

 And the standard of the  of the children of  set forward according to their armies: and over his  was  the son of .

 And over the  of the  of the children of  was  the son of .

 And over the  of the  of the children of  was  the son of Gideoni.

 And the standard of the  of the children of  set forward, which was the  of all the camps throughout their hosts: and over his  was  the son of .

 And over the  of the  of the children of  was  the son of Ocran.

 And over the  of the  of the children of  was  the son of Enan.

 Thus were the journeyings of the children of  according to their armies, when they set forward.

 And  said unto , the son of  the , Moses' father in law, We are journeying unto the place of which the LORD said, I will give it you: come thou with us, and we will do thee good: for the LORD hath spoken good concerning .

 And he said unto him, I will not go; but I will depart to mine own land, and to my kindred.

 And he said, Leave us not, I pray thee; forasmuch as thou knowest how we are to  in the , and thou mayest be to us instead of eyes.

 And it shall be, if thou go with us, yea, it shall be, that what  the LORD shall do unto us, the same will we do unto thee.

 And they departed from the  of the LORD three days' : and the  of the  of the LORD went before them in the three days' , to search out a resting place for them.

 And the  of the LORD was upon them by day, when they went out of the .

 And it came to pass, when the  set forward, that  said, Rise up, LORD, and let thine enemies be scattered; and let them that hate thee flee before thee.

 And when it rested, he said, Return, O LORD, unto the many  of .
