King James Version: Numbers: Numbers Chapter
King James Version: Numbers Chapter
And the LORD spake unto , saying,

 Command the children of , that they put out of the  every leper, and every one that hath an issue, and whosoever is defiled by the dead:

 Both male and female shall ye put out, without the  shall ye put them; that they defile not their camps, in the midst whereof I dwell.

 And the children of  did so, and put them out without the : as the LORD spake unto , so did the children of .

 And the LORD spake unto , saying,

 Speak unto the children of , When a man or woman shall commit any  that men commit, to do a trespass against the LORD, and that person be guilty;

 Then they shall confess their  which they have done: and he shall recompense his trespass with the principal thereof, and add unto it the fifth part thereof, and give it unto him against whom he hath trespassed.

 But if the man have no  to recompense the trespass unto, let the trespass be recompensed unto the LORD, even to the ; beside the  of the , whereby an  shall be made for him.

 And every  of all the holy things of the children of , which they bring unto the , shall be his.

 And every man's hallowed things shall be his: whatsoever any man giveth the , it shall be his.

 And the LORD spake unto , saying,

 Speak unto the children of , and say unto them, If any man's wife go aside, and commit a trespass against him,

 And a man lie with her carnally, and it be hid from the eyes of her husband, and be kept close, and she be defiled, and there be no  against her, neither she be taken with the manner;

 And the  of  come upon him, and he be jealous of his wife, and she be defiled: or if the  of  come upon him, and he be jealous of his wife, and she be not defiled:

 Then shall the man bring his wife unto the , and he shall bring her  for her, the tenth part of an  of  meal; he shall pour no oil upon it, nor put  thereon; for it is an  of , an  of memorial, bringing iniquity to remembrance.

 And the  shall bring her near, and set her before the LORD:

 And the  shall take holy water in an earthen vessel; and of the  that is in the floor of the  the  shall take, and put it into the water:

 And the  shall set the woman before the LORD, and uncover the woman's head, and put the  of memorial in her hands, which is the  : and the  shall have in his hand the  water that causeth the :

 And the  shall charge her by an , and say unto the woman, If no man have lain with thee, and if thou hast not gone aside to uncleanness with another instead of thy husband, be thou free from this  water that causeth the :

 But if thou hast gone aside to another instead of thy husband, and if thou be defiled, and some man have lain with thee beside thine husband:

 Then the  shall charge the woman with an  of cursing, and the  shall say unto the woman, The LORD make thee a  and an  among thy people, when the LORD doth make thy thigh to rot, and thy  to swell;

 And this water that causeth the  shall go into thy , to make thy  to swell, and thy thigh to rot: And the woman shall say, , .

 And the  shall write these curses in a book, and he shall  them out with the  water:

 And he shall cause the woman to  the  water that causeth the : and the water that causeth the  shall enter into her, and become .

 Then the  shall take the   out of the woman's hand, and shall wave the  before the LORD, and offer it upon the :

 And the  shall take an handful of the , even the memorial thereof, and burn it upon the , and afterward shall cause the woman to  the water.

 And when he hath made her to  the water, then it shall come to pass, that, if she be defiled, and have done trespass against her husband, that the water that causeth the  shall enter into her, and become , and her  shall swell, and her thigh shall rot: and the woman shall be a  among her people.

 And if the woman be not defiled, but be ; then she shall be free, and shall conceive seed.

 This is the law of jealousies, when a wife goeth aside to another instead of her husband, and is defiled;

 Or when the  of  cometh upon him, and he be jealous over his wife, and shall set the woman before the LORD, and the  shall execute upon her all this law.

 Then shall the man be guiltless from iniquity, and this woman shall bear her iniquity.
