King James Version: Numbers: Numbers Chapter
King James Version: Numbers Chapter
And all the  lifted up their voice, and cried; and the people wept that night.

 And all the children of  murmured against  and against : and the whole  said unto them, Would God that we had died in the land of ! or would God we had died in this !

 And wherefore hath the LORD brought us unto this land, to fall by the , that our wives and our children should be a prey? were it not better for us to return into ?

 And they said one to another, Let us make a captain, and let us return into .

 Then  and  fell on their faces before all the assembly of the  of the children of .

 And  the son of , and  the son of , which were of them that searched the land,  their clothes:

 And they spake unto all the company of the children of , saying, The land, which we passed through to search it, is an exceeding good land.

 If the LORD delight in us, then he will bring us into this land, and give it us; a land which floweth with  and .

 Only rebel not ye against the LORD, neither fear ye the people of the land; for they are  for us: their defence is departed from them, and the LORD is with us: fear them not.

 But all the  bade  them with stones. And the  of the LORD appeared in the  of the  before all the children of .

 And the LORD said unto , How long will this people provoke me?  and how long will it be ere they believe me, for all the signs which I have shewed among them?

 I will smite them with the pestilence, and disinherit them, and will make of thee a greater nation and mightier than they.

 And  said unto the LORD, Then the Egyptians shall hear it, (for thou broughtest up this people in thy might from among them;)

 And they will tell it to the inhabitants of this land: for they have heard that thou LORD art among this people, that thou LORD art seen face to face, and that thy  standeth over them, and that thou goest before them, by day time in a  of a , and in a  of fire by night.

 Now if thou shalt kill all this people as one man, then the nations which have heard the fame of thee will speak, saying,

 Because the LORD was not able to bring this people into the land which he sware unto them, therefore he hath slain them in the .

 And now, I beseech thee, let the power of my LORD be great, according as thou hast spoken, saying,

 The LORD is longsuffering, and of great , forgiving iniquity and transgression, and by no means clearing the guilty, visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon the children unto the third and fourth .

 , I beseech thee, the iniquity of this people according unto the greatness of thy , and as thou hast forgiven this people, from  even until now.

 And the LORD said, I have pardoned according to thy word:

 But as truly as I live, all the earth shall be filled with the  of the LORD.

 Because all those men which have seen my , and my miracles, which I did in  and in the , and have tempted me now these ten times, and have not hearkened to my voice;

 Surely they shall not see the land which I sware unto their fathers, neither shall any of them that provoked me see it:

 But my servant , because he had another  with him, and hath followed me fully, him will I bring into the land whereinto he went; and his seed shall possess it.

 (Now the Amalekites and the  dwelt in the .) Tomorrow turn you, and get you into the  by the way of the Red sea.

 And the LORD spake unto  and unto , saying,

 How long shall I bear with this evil , which murmur against me? I have heard the murmurings of the children of , which they murmur against me.

 Say unto them, As truly as I live, saith the LORD, as ye have spoken in mine ears, so will I do to you:

 Your carcases shall fall in this ; and all that were numbered of you, according to your whole number, from twenty years old and upward which have murmured against me.

 Doubtless ye shall not come into the land, concerning which I sware to make you dwell therein, save  the son of , and  the son of .

 But your little ones, which ye said should be a prey, them will I bring in, and they shall know the land which ye have despised.

 But as for you, your carcases, they shall fall in this .

 And your children shall wander in the  forty years, and bear your whoredoms, until your carcases be wasted in the .

 After the number of the days in which ye searched the land, even forty days, each day for a year, shall ye bear your iniquities, even forty years, and ye shall know my  of promise.

 I the LORD have said, I will surely do it unto all this evil , that are gathered together against me: in this  they shall be consumed, and there they shall die.

 And the men, which  sent to search the land, who returned, and made all the  to murmur against him, by bringing up a slander upon the land,

 Even those men that did bring up the evil report upon the land, died by the  before the LORD.

 But  the son of , and  the son of , which were of the men that went to search the land, lived still.

 And  told these sayings unto all the children of : and the people mourned greatly.

 And they rose up early in the morning, and gat them up into the top of the mountain, saying, Lo, we be here, and will go up unto the place which the LORD hath promised: for we have sinned.

 And  said, Wherefore now do ye transgress the commandment of the LORD? but it shall not prosper.

 Go not up, for the LORD is not among you; that ye be not smitten before your enemies.

 For the Amalekites and the  are there before you, and ye shall fall by the : because ye are turned away from the LORD, therefore the LORD will not be with you.

 But they presumed to go up unto the hill top: nevertheless the  of the  of the LORD, and , departed not out of the .

 Then the Amalekites came down, and the  which dwelt in that hill, and smote them, and discomfited them, even unto .
