King James Version: Numbers: Numbers Chapter
King James Version: Numbers Chapter
And the LORD spake unto  in the  of , in the  of the , on the first day of the second month, in the second year after they were come out of the land of , saying,

 Take ye the sum of all the  of the children of , after their families, by the house of their fathers, with the number of their names, every male by their polls;

 From twenty years old and upward, all that are able to go forth to war in : thou and  shall number them by their armies.

 And with you there shall be a man of every ; every one head of the house of his fathers.

 And these are the names of the men that shall stand with you: of the  of ; Elizur the son of Shedeur.

 Of ; Shelumiel the son of .

 Of ;  the son of .

 Of ;  the son of Zuar.

 Of ;  the son of .

 Of the children of : of ;  the son of : of ;  the son of .

 Of ;  the son of Gideoni.

 Of ;  the son of .

 Of ;  the son of Ocran.

 Of ; Eliasaph the son of Deuel.

 Of ;  the son of Enan.

 These were the renowned of the , princes of the tribes of their fathers, heads of  in .

 And  and  took these men which are expressed by their names:

 And they assembled all the  together on the first day of the second month, and they declared their pedigrees after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, by their polls.

 As the LORD commanded , so he numbered them in the  of .

 And the children of , Israel's eldest son, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, by their polls, every male from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;

 Those that were numbered of them, even of the  of , were forty and six thousand and five hundred.

 Of the children of , by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, those that were numbered of them, according to the number of the names, by their polls, every male from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;

 Those that were numbered of them, even of the  of , were fifty and nine thousand and three hundred.

 Of the children of , by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;

 Those that were numbered of them, even of the  of , were forty and five thousand six hundred and fifty.

 Of the children of , by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;

 Those that were numbered of them, even of the  of , were threescore and fourteen thousand and six hundred.

 Of the children of , by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;

 Those that were numbered of them, even of the  of , were fifty and four thousand and four hundred.

 Of the children of , by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;

 Those that were numbered of them, even of the  of , were fifty and  thousand and four hundred.

 Of the children of , namely, of the children of , by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;

 Those that were numbered of them, even of the  of , were forty thousand and five hundred.

 Of the children of , by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;

 Those that were numbered of them, even of the  of , were thirty and two thousand and two hundred.

 Of the children of , by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;

 Those that were numbered of them, even of the  of , were thirty and five thousand and four hundred.

 Of the children of , by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;

 Those that were numbered of them, even of the  of , were threescore and two thousand and  hundred.

 Of the children of , by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;

 Those that were numbered of them, even of the  of , were forty and one thousand and five hundred.

 Of the children of , throughout their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;

 Those that were numbered of them, even of the  of , were fifty and three thousand and four hundred.

 These are those that were numbered, which  and  numbered, and the princes of , being twelve men: each one was for the house of his fathers.

 So were all those that were numbered of the children of , by the house of their fathers, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war in ;

 Even all they that were numbered were six hundred thousand and three thousand and five hundred and fifty.

 But the Levites after the  of their fathers were not numbered among them.

 For the LORD had spoken unto , saying,

 Only thou shalt not number the  of , neither take the sum of them among the children of :

 But thou shalt appoint the Levites over the  of , and over all the vessels thereof, and over all things that belong to it: they shall bear the , and all the vessels thereof; and they shall  unto it, and shall  round about the .

 And when the  setteth forward, the Levites shall take it down: and when the  is to be pitched, the Levites shall set it up: and the  that cometh nigh shall be put to death.

 And the children of  shall  their tents, every man by his own , and every man by his own standard, throughout their hosts.

 But the Levites shall  round about the  of , that there be no wrath upon the  of the children of : and the Levites shall keep the charge of the  of .

 And the children of  did according to all that the LORD commanded , so did they.
