King James Version: Numbers: Numbers Chapter
King James Version: Numbers Chapter
Then came the children of , even the whole , into the  of  in the first month: and the people abode in ; and  died there, and was buried there.

 And there was no water for the : and they gathered themselves together against  and against .

 And the people chode with , and spake, saying, Would God that we had died when our brethren died before the LORD!

 And why have ye brought up the  of the LORD into this , that we and our  should die there?

 And wherefore have ye made us to come up out of , to bring us in unto this evil place? it is no place of seed, or of figs, or of vines, or of pomegranates; neither is there any water to .

 And  and  went from the presence of the assembly unto the door of the  of the , and they fell upon their faces: and the  of the LORD appeared unto them.

 And the LORD spake unto , saying,

 Take the rod, and gather thou the assembly together, thou, and  thy brother, and speak ye unto the  before their eyes; and it shall give forth his water, and thou shalt bring forth to them water out of the : so thou shalt give the  and their beasts .

 And  took the rod from before the LORD, as he commanded him.

 And  and  gathered the  together before the , and he said unto them, Hear now, ye rebels; must we fetch you water out of this ?

 And  lifted up his hand, and with his rod he smote the  twice: and the water came out abundantly, and the  drank, and their beasts also.

 And the LORD spake unto  and , Because ye believed me not, to sanctify me in the eyes of the children of , therefore ye shall not bring this  into the land which I have given them.

 This is the water of ; because the children of  strove with the LORD, and he was sanctified in them.

 And  sent messengers from  unto the  of , Thus saith thy brother , Thou knowest all the travail that hath befallen us:

 How our fathers went down into , and we have dwelt in  a long time; and the Egyptians vexed us, and our fathers:

 And when we cried unto the LORD, he heard our voice, and sent an , and hath brought us forth out of : and, behold, we are in , a city in the uttermost of thy border:

 Let us pass, I pray thee, through thy country: we will not pass through the fields, or through the vineyards, neither will we  of the water of the wells: we will go by the king's high way, we will not turn to the right hand nor to the left, until we have passed thy borders.

 And  said unto him, Thou shalt not pass by me, lest I come out against thee with the .

 And the children of  said unto him, We will go by the high way: and if I and my   of thy water, then I will pay for it: I will only, without doing anything else, go through on my feet.

 And he said, Thou shalt not go through. And  came out against him with much people, and with a strong hand.

 Thus  refused to give   through his border: wherefore  turned away from him.

 And the children of , even the whole , journeyed from , and came unto  .

 And the LORD spake unto  and  in  , by the coast of the land of , saying,

  shall be gathered unto his people: for he shall not enter into the land which I have given unto the children of , because ye rebelled against my word at the water of .

 Take  and  his son, and bring them up unto  :

 And strip  of his garments, and put them upon  his son: and  shall be gathered unto his people, and shall die there.

 And  did as the LORD commanded: and they went up into   in the sight of all the .

 And  stripped  of his garments, and put them upon  his son; and  died there in the top of the : and  and  came down from the .

 And when all the  saw that  was dead, they mourned for  thirty days, even all the house of .
