King James Version: Numbers: Numbers Chapter
King James Version: Numbers Chapter
And the LORD spake unto , saying,

 Avenge the children of  of the Midianites: afterward shalt thou be gathered unto thy people.

 And  spake unto the people, saying, Arm some of yourselves unto the war, and let them go against the Midianites, and avenge the LORD of .

 Of every  a thousand, throughout all the tribes of , shall ye send to the war.

 So there were delivered out of the  of , a thousand of every , twelve thousand armed for war.

 And  sent them to the war, a thousand of every , them and  the son of  the , to the war, with the holy instruments, and the  to blow in his hand.

 And they warred against the Midianites, as the LORD commanded ; and they slew all the males.

 And they slew the kings of , beside the rest of them that were slain; namely, Evi, and , and , and , and , five kings of :  also the son of  they slew with the .

 And the children of  took all the women of  captives, and their little ones, and took the spoil of all their , and all their flocks, and all their goods.

 And they burnt all their cities wherein they dwelt, and all their goodly castles, with fire.

 And they took all the spoil, and all the prey, both of men and of beasts.

 And they brought the captives, and the prey, and the spoil, unto , and  the , and unto the  of the children of , unto the  at the plains of , which are by  near .

 And , and  the , and all the princes of the , went forth to meet them without the .

 And  was wroth with the officers of the , with the captains over , and captains over hundreds, which came from the battle.

 And  said unto them, Have ye saved all the women alive?

 Behold, these caused the children of , through the counsel of , to commit trespass against the LORD in the matter of , and there was a  among the  of the LORD.

 Now therefore kill every male among the little ones, and kill every woman that hath known man by lying with him.

 But all the women children, that have not known a man by lying with him, keep alive for yourselves.

 And do ye abide without the   days: whosoever hath killed any person, and whosoever hath touched any slain, purify both yourselves and your captives on the third day, and on the seventh day.

 And purify all your raiment, and all that is made of skins, and all work of goats' hair, and all things made of .

 And  the  said unto the men of war which went to the battle, This is the ordinance of the law which the LORD commanded ;

 Only the , and the , the , the , the , and the lead,

 Every thing that may abide the fire, ye shall make it go through the fire, and it shall be : nevertheless it shall be purified with the water of separation: and all that abideth not the fire ye shall make go through the water.

 And ye shall wash your clothes on the seventh day, and ye shall be , and afterward ye shall come into the .

 And the LORD spake unto , saying,

 Take the sum of the prey that was taken, both of man and of , thou, and  the , and the chief fathers of the :

 And divide the prey into two parts; between them that took the war upon them, who went out to battle, and between all the :

 And  a  unto the Lord of the men of war which went out to battle: one soul of five hundred, both of the persons, and of the , and of the asses, and of the :

 Take it of their half, and give it unto  the , for an heave  of the LORD.

 And of the children of Israel's half, thou shalt take one portion of fifty, of the persons, of the , of the asses, and of the flocks, of all manner of beasts, and give them unto the Levites, which keep the charge of the  of the LORD.

 And  and  the  did as the LORD commanded .

 And the , being the rest of the prey which the men of war had caught, was six hundred thousand and seventy thousand and five thousand ,

 And threescore and twelve thousand ,

 And threescore and one thousand asses,

 And thirty and two thousand persons in all, of women that had not known man by lying with him.

 And the half, which was the portion of them that went out to war, was in number three hundred thousand and  and thirty thousand and five hundred :

 And the LORD's  of the  was six hundred and threescore and fifteen.

 And the  were thirty and six thousand; of which the LORD's  was threescore and twelve.

 And the asses were thirty thousand and five hundred; of which the LORD's  was threescore and one.

 And the persons were sixteen thousand; of which the LORD's  was thirty and two persons.

 And  gave the , which was the LORD's heave , unto  the , as the LORD commanded .

 And of the children of Israel's half, which  divided from the men that warred,

 (Now the half that pertained unto the  was three hundred thousand and thirty thousand and  thousand and five hundred ,

 And thirty and six thousand ,

 And thirty thousand asses and five hundred,

 And sixteen thousand persons;)

 Even of the children of Israel's half,  took one portion of fifty, both of man and of , and gave them unto the Levites, which kept the charge of the  of the LORD; as the LORD commanded .

 And the officers which were over  of the , the captains of , and captains of hundreds, came near unto :

 And they said unto , Thy servants have taken the sum of the men of war which are under our charge, and there lacketh not one man of us.

 We have therefore brought an oblation for the LORD, what every man hath gotten, of jewels of , chains, and bracelets, rings, , and tablets, to make an  for our souls before the LORD.

 And  and  the  took the  of them, even all wrought jewels.

 And all the  of the  that they offered up to the LORD, of the captains of , and of the captains of hundreds, was sixteen thousand  hundred and fifty shekels.

 (For the men of war had taken spoil, every man for himself.)

 And  and  the  took the  of the captains of  and of hundreds, and brought it into the  of the , for a memorial for the children of  before the LORD.
