King James Version: Numbers: Numbers Chapter
King James Version: Numbers Chapter
And when  saw that it pleased the LORD to  , he went not, as at other times, to seek for , but he set his face toward the .

 And  lifted up his eyes, and he saw  abiding in his tents according to their tribes; and the  of God came upon him.

 And he took up his , and said,  the son of  hath said, and the man whose eyes are open hath said:

 He hath said, which heard the words of God, which saw the  of the Almighty, falling into a , but having his eyes open:

 How goodly are thy tents, O , and thy tabernacles, O !

 As the valleys are they spread forth, as  by the river's side, as the trees of lign  which the LORD hath planted, and as  trees beside the waters.

 He shall pour the water out of his buckets, and his seed shall be in many waters, and his  shall be higher than , and his kingdom shall be exalted.

 God brought him forth out of ; he hath as it were the strength of an : he shall eat up the nations his enemies, and shall break their bones, and pierce them through with his .

 He couched, he lay down as a lion, and as a great lion: who shall stir him up? Blessed is he that blesseth thee, and cursed is he that curseth thee.

 And Balak's  was kindled against , and he smote his hands together: and  said unto , I called thee to  mine enemies, and, behold, thou hast altogether blessed them these three times.

 Therefore now flee thou to thy place: I thought to promote thee unto great honour; but, lo, the LORD hath kept thee back from honour.

 And  said unto , Spake I not also to thy messengers which thou sentest unto me, saying,

 If  would give me his house full of  and , I cannot go beyond the commandment of the LORD, to do either good or bad of mine own mind; but what the LORD saith, that will I speak?

 And now, behold, I go unto my people: come therefore, and I will advertise thee what this people shall do to thy people in the latter days.

 And he took up his , and said,  the son of  hath said, and the man whose eyes are open hath said:

 He hath said, which heard the words of God, and knew the knowledge of the most High, which saw the  of the Almighty, falling into a , but having his eyes open:

 I shall see him, but not now: I shall behold him, but not nigh: there shall come a Star out of , and a  shall rise out of , and shall smite the corners of , and destroy all the children of .

 And  shall be a possession,  also shall be a possession for his enemies; and  shall do valiantly.

 Out of  shall come he that shall have dominion, and shall destroy him that remaineth of the city.

 And when he looked on , he took up his , and said,  was the first of the nations; but his latter end shall be that he perish for ever.

 And he looked on the , and took up his , and said, Strong is thy dwellingplace, and thou puttest thy nest in a .

 Nevertheless the Kenite shall be wasted, until  shall carry thee away .

 And he took up his , and said, Alas, who shall live when God doeth this!

 And  shall come from the coast of , and shall afflict , and shall afflict , and he also shall perish for ever.

 And  rose up, and went and returned to his place: and  also went his way.
