King James Version: Numbers: Numbers Chapter
King James Version: Numbers Chapter
And the LORD spake unto , saying,

 Send thou men, that they may search the land of , which I give unto the children of : of every  of their fathers shall ye send a man, every one a ruler among them.

 And  by the commandment of the LORD sent them from the  of : all those men were heads of the children of .

 And these were their names: of the  of ,  the son of .

 Of the  of ,  the son of Hori.

 Of the  of ,  the son of .

 Of the  of ,  the son of .

 Of the  of , Oshea the son of .

 Of the  of ,  the son of .

 Of the  of ,  the son of Sodi.

 Of the  of , namely, of the  of ,  the son of .

 Of the  of ,  the son of Gemalli.

 Of the  of ,  the son of .

 Of the  of , Nahbi the son of Vophsi.

 Of the  of , Geuel the son of Machi.

 These are the names of the men which  sent to spy out the land. And  called Oshea the son of  Jehoshua.

 And  sent them to spy out the land of , and said unto them, Get you up this way southward, and go up into the mountain:

 And see the land, what it is, and the people that dwelleth therein, whether they be strong or weak, few or many;

 And what the land is that they dwell in, whether it be good or bad; and what cities they be that they dwell in, whether in tents, or in strong holds;

 And what the land is, whether it be  or lean, whether there be  therein, or not. And be ye of good courage, and bring of the  of the land. Now the time was the time of the firstripe grapes.

 So they went up, and searched the land from the  of  unto , as men come to .

 And they ascended by the south, and came unto ; where , , and , the children of , were. (Now  was built  years before  in .)

 And they came unto the  of , and cut down from thence a  with one cluster of grapes, and they bare it between two upon a staff; and they brought of the pomegranates, and of the figs.

 The place was called the  , because of the cluster of grapes which the children of  cut down from thence.

 And they returned from searching of the land after forty days.

 And they went and came to , and to , and to all the  of the children of , unto the  of , to ; and brought back word unto them, and unto all the , and shewed them the  of the land.

 And they told him, and said, We came unto the land whither thou sentest us, and surely it floweth with  and ; and this is the  of it.

 Nevertheless the people be strong that dwell in the land, and the cities are walled, and very great: and moreover we saw the children of  there.

 The Amalekites dwell in the land of the south: and the , and the , and the , dwell in the mountains: and the  dwell by the sea, and by the coast of .

 And  stilled the people before , and said, Let us go up at once, and possess it; for we are well able to overcome it.

 But the men that went up with him said, We be not able to go up against the people; for they are stronger than we.

 And they brought up an evil report of the land which they had searched unto the children of , saying, The land, through which we have gone to search it, is a land that eateth up the inhabitants thereof; and all the people that we saw in it are men of a great stature.

 And there we saw the , the sons of , which come of the : and we were in our own sight as grasshoppers, and so we were in their sight.
