King James Version: Numbers: Numbers Chapter
King James Version: Numbers Chapter
Now the children of  and the children of  had a very great multitude of : and when they saw the land of Jazer, and the land of , that, behold, the place was a place for ;

 The children of  and the children of  came and spake unto , and to  the , and unto the princes of the , saying,

 , and , and Jazer, and , and , and , and Shebam, and , and Beon,

 Even the country which the LORD smote before the  of , is a land for , and thy servants have :

 Wherefore, said they, if we have found  in thy sight, let this land be given unto thy servants for a possession, and bring us not over .

 And  said unto the children of  and to the children of , Shall your brethren go to war, and shall ye sit here?

 And wherefore discourage ye the heart of the children of  from going over into the land which the LORD hath given them?

 Thus did your fathers, when I sent them from Kadeshbarnea to see the land.

 For when they went up unto the  of , and saw the land, they discouraged the heart of the children of , that they should not go into the land which the LORD had given them.

 And the LORD's  was kindled the same time, and he sware, saying,

 Surely none of the men that came up out of , from twenty years old and upward, shall see the land which I sware unto , unto , and unto ; because they have not wholly followed me:

 Save  the son of  the Kenezite, and  the son of : for they have wholly followed the LORD.

 And the LORD's  was kindled against , and he made them wander in the  forty years, until all the , that had done evil in the sight of the LORD, was consumed.

 And, behold, ye are risen up in your fathers' stead, an increase of sinful men, to augment yet the fierce  of the LORD toward .

 For if ye turn away from after him, he will yet again leave them in the ; and ye shall destroy all this people.

 And they came near unto him, and said, We will build sheepfolds here for our , and cities for our little ones:

 But we ourselves will go ready armed before the children of , until we have brought them unto their place: and our little ones shall dwell in the fenced cities because of the inhabitants of the land.

 We will not return unto our houses, until the children of  have inherited every man his inheritance.

 For we will not inherit with them on yonder side , or forward; because our inheritance is fallen to us on this side  eastward.

 And  said unto them, If ye will do this thing, if ye will go armed before the LORD to war,

 And will go all of you armed over  before the LORD, until he hath driven out his enemies from before him,

 And the land be subdued before the LORD: then afterward ye shall return, and be guiltless before the LORD, and before ; and this land shall be your possession before the LORD.

 But if ye will not do so, behold, ye have sinned against the LORD: and be sure your  will find you out.

 Build you cities for your little ones, and folds for your ; and do that which hath proceeded out of your mouth.

 And the children of  and the children of  spake unto , saying, Thy servants will do as my lord commandeth.

 Our little ones, our wives, our flocks, and all our , shall be there in the cities of :

 But thy servants will pass over, every man armed for war, before the LORD to battle, as my lord saith.

 So concerning them  commanded  the , and  the son of , and the chief fathers of the tribes of the children of :

 And  said unto them, If the children of  and the children of  will pass with you over , every man armed to battle, before the LORD, and the land shall be subdued before you; then ye shall give them the land of  for a possession:

 But if they will not pass over with you armed, they shall have possessions among you in the land of .

 And the children of  and the children of  answered, saying, As the LORD hath said unto thy servants, so will we do.

 We will pass over armed before the LORD into the land of , that the possession of our inheritance on this side  may be ours.

 And  gave unto them, even to the children of , and to the children of , and unto half the  of  the son of , the kingdom of   of the , and the kingdom of   of , the land, with the cities thereof in the coasts, even the cities of the country round about.

 And the children of  built , and , and ,

 And Atroth, , and , and Jogbehah,

 And Bethnimrah, and Bethharan, fenced cities: and folds for .

 And the children of  built , and , and ,

 And , and Baalmeon, (their names being changed,) and : and gave other names unto the cities which they builded.

 And the children of  the son of  went to , and took it, and dispossessed the Amorite which was in it.

 And  gave  unto  the son of ; and he dwelt therein.

 And  the son of  went and took the small towns thereof, and called them Havothjair.

 And  went and took , and the  thereof, and called it , after his own name.
