King James Version: Numbers: Numbers Chapter
King James Version: Numbers Chapter
And the children of  set forward, and pitched in the plains of  on this side  by .

 And  the son of  saw all that  had done to the .

 And  was sore afraid of the people, because they were many: and  was distressed because of the children of .

 And  said unto the elders of , Now shall this company lick up all that are round about us, as the  licketh up the  of the field. And  the son of  was  of the Moabites at that time.

 He sent messengers therefore unto  the son of  to , which is by the river of the land of the children of his people, to call him, saying, Behold, there is a people come out from : behold, they cover the face of the earth, and they abide over against me:

 Come now therefore, I pray thee,  me this people; for they are too mighty for me: peradventure I shall prevail, that we may smite them, and that I may drive them out of the land: for I wot that he whom thou blessest is blessed, and he whom thou cursest is cursed.

 And the elders of  and the elders of  departed with the rewards of  in their hand; and they came unto , and spake unto him the words of .

 And he said unto them,  here this night, and I will bring you word again, as the LORD shall speak unto me: and the princes of  abode with .

 And God came unto , and said, What men are these with thee?

 And  said unto God,  the son of ,  of , hath sent unto me, saying,

 Behold, there is a people come out of , which covereth the face of the earth: come now,  me them; peradventure I shall be able to overcome them, and drive them out.

 And God said unto , Thou shalt not go with them; thou shalt not  the people: for they are blessed.

 And  rose up in the morning, and said unto the princes of , Get you into your land: for the LORD refuseth to give me leave to go with you.

 And the princes of  rose up, and they went unto , and said,  refuseth to come with us.

 And  sent yet again princes, more, and more honourable than they.

 And they came to , and said to him, Thus saith  the son of , Let nothing, I pray thee, hinder thee from coming unto me:

 For I will promote thee unto very great honour, and I will do whatsoever thou sayest unto me: come therefore, I pray thee,  me this people.

 And  answered and said unto the servants of , If  would give me his house full of  and , I cannot go beyond the word of the LORD my God, to do less or more.

 Now therefore, I pray you, tarry ye also here this night, that I may know what the LORD will say unto me more.

 And God came unto  at night, and said unto him, If the men come to call thee, rise up, and go with them; but yet the word which I shall say unto thee, that shalt thou do.

 And  rose up in the morning, and saddled his , and went with the princes of .

 And God's  was kindled because he went: and the  of the LORD stood in the way for an  against him. Now he was riding upon his , and his two servants were with him.

 And the  saw the  of the LORD standing in the way, and his  drawn in his hand: and the  turned aside out of the way, and went into the field: and  smote the , to turn her into the way.

 But the  of the LORD stood in a path of the vineyards, a wall being on this side, and a wall on that side.

 And when the  saw the  of the LORD, she thrust herself unto the wall, and crushed Balaam's foot against the wall: and he smote her again.

 And the  of the LORD went further, and stood in a narrow place, where was no way to turn either to the right hand or to the left.

 And when the  saw the  of the LORD, she fell down under : and Balaam's  was kindled, and he smote the  with a staff.

 And the LORD opened the mouth of the , and she said unto , What have I done unto thee, that thou hast smitten me these three times?

 And  said unto the , Because thou hast mocked me: I would there were a  in mine hand, for now would I kill thee.

 And the  said unto , Am not I thine , upon which thou hast ridden ever since I was thine unto this day? was I ever wont to do so unto thee? And he said, Nay.

 Then the LORD opened the eyes of , and he saw the  of the LORD standing in the way, and his  drawn in his hand: and he bowed down his head, and fell flat on his face.

 And the  of the LORD said unto him, Wherefore hast thou smitten thine  these three times? behold, I went out to withstand thee, because thy way is perverse before me:

 And the  saw me, and turned from me these three times: unless she had turned from me, surely now also I had slain thee, and saved her alive.

 And  said unto the  of the LORD, I have sinned; for I knew not that thou stoodest in the way against me: now therefore, if it displease thee, I will get me back again.

 And the  of the LORD said unto , Go with the men: but only the word that I shall speak unto thee, that thou shalt speak. So  went with the princes of .

 And when  heard that  was come, he went out to meet him unto a city of , which is in the border of , which is in the utmost coast.

 And  said unto , Did I not earnestly send unto thee to call thee? wherefore camest thou not unto me? am I not able indeed to promote thee to honour?

 And  said unto , Lo, I am come unto thee: have I now any power at all to say any thing? the word that God putteth in my mouth, that shall I speak.

 And  went with , and they came unto Kirjathhuzoth.

 And  offered oxen and , and sent to , and to the princes that were with him.

 And it came to pass on the morrow, that  took , and brought him up into the high places of , that thence he might see the utmost part of the people.
