King James Version: Numbers: Numbers Chapter
King James Version: Numbers Chapter
And the LORD spake unto  in the  of , in the first month of the second year after they were come out of the land of , saying,

 Let the children of  also keep the  at his appointed season.

 In the fourteenth day of this month, at even, ye shall keep it in his appointed season: according to all the rites of it, and according to all the ceremonies thereof, shall ye keep it.

 And  spake unto the children of , that they should keep the .

 And they kept the  on the fourteenth day of the first month at even in the  of : according to all that the LORD commanded , so did the children of .

 And there were certain men, who were defiled by the dead body of a man, that they could not keep the  on that day: and they came before  and before  on that day:

 And those men said unto him, We are defiled by the dead body of a man: wherefore are we kept back, that we may not offer an  of the LORD in his appointed season among the children of ?

 And  said unto them, Stand still, and I will hear what the LORD will command concerning you.

 And the LORD spake unto , saying,

 Speak unto the children of , saying, If any man of you or of your posterity shall be unclean by reason of a dead body, or be in a  afar off, yet he shall keep the  unto the LORD.

 The fourteenth day of the second month at even they shall keep it, and eat it with unleavened  and  herbs.

 They shall leave none of it unto the morning, nor break any bone of it: according to all the ordinances of the  they shall keep it.

 But the man that is , and is not in a , and forbeareth to keep the , even the same soul shall be cut off from among his people: because he brought not the  of the LORD in his appointed season, that man shall bear his .

 And if a  shall sojourn among you, and will keep the  unto the LORD; according to the ordinance of the , and according to the manner thereof, so shall he do: ye shall have one ordinance, both for the , and for him that was born in the land.

 And on the day that the  was reared up the  covered the , namely, the  of the : and at even there was upon the  as it were the appearance of fire, until the morning.

 So it was alway: the  covered it by day, and the appearance of fire by night.

 And when the  was taken up from the , then after that the children of  journeyed: and in the place where the  abode, there the children of  pitched their tents.

 At the commandment of the LORD the children of  journeyed, and at the commandment of the LORD they pitched: as long as the  abode upon the  they rested in their tents.

 And when the  tarried long upon the  many days, then the children of  kept the charge of the LORD, and journeyed not.

 And so it was, when the  was a few days upon the ; according to the commandment of the LORD they abode in their tents, and according to the commandment of the LORD they journeyed.

 And so it was, when the  abode from even unto the morning, and that the  was taken up in the morning, then they journeyed: whether it was by day or by night that the  was taken up, they journeyed.

 Or whether it were two days, or a month, or a year, that the  tarried upon the , remaining thereon, the children of  abode in their tents, and journeyed not: but when it was taken up, they journeyed.

 At the commandment of the LORD they rested in the tents, and at the commandment of the LORD they journeyed: they kept the charge of the LORD, at the commandment of the LORD by the hand of .
