King James Version: Numbers: Numbers Chapter
King James Version: Numbers Chapter
And when the people complained, it displeased the LORD: and the LORD heard it; and his  was kindled; and the fire of the LORD burnt among them, and consumed them that were in the uttermost parts of the .

 And the people cried unto ; and when  prayed unto the LORD, the fire was quenched.

 And he called the name of the place : because the fire of the LORD burnt among them.

 And the mixt multitude that was among them fell a lusting: and the children of  also wept again, and said, Who shall give us  to eat?

 We remember the , which we did eat in  freely; the , and the , and the leeks, and the onions, and the garlick:

 But now our soul is dried away: there is nothing at all, beside this , before our eyes.

 And the  was as  seed, and the  thereof as the  of .

 And the people went about, and gathered it, and ground it in mills, or beat it in a , and baked it in pans, and made cakes of it: and the taste of it was as the taste of fresh oil.

 And when the  fell upon the  in the night, the  fell upon it.

 Then  heard the people weep throughout their families, every man in the door of his : and the  of the LORD was kindled greatly;  also was displeased.

 And  said unto the LORD, Wherefore hast thou afflicted thy servant? and wherefore have I not found favour in thy sight, that thou layest the  of all this people upon me?

 Have I conceived all this people? have I begotten them, that thou shouldest say unto me, Carry them in thy , as a nursing father beareth the sucking child, unto the land which thou swarest unto their fathers?

 Whence should I have  to give unto all this people? for they weep unto me, saying, Give us , that we may eat.

 I am not able to bear all this people alone, because it is too heavy for me.

 And if thou deal thus with me, kill me, I pray thee, out of hand, if I have found favour in thy sight; and let me not see my wretchedness.

 And the LORD said unto , Gather unto me seventy men of the elders of , whom thou knowest to be the elders of the people, and officers over them; and bring them unto the  of the , that they may stand there with thee.

 And I will come down and talk with thee there: and I will take of the  which is upon thee, and will put it upon them; and they shall bear the  of the people with thee, that thou bear it not thyself alone.

 And say thou unto the people, Sanctify yourselves against to morrow, and ye shall eat : for ye have wept in the ears of the LORD, saying, Who shall give us  to eat? for it was well with us in : therefore the LORD will give you , and ye shall eat.

 Ye shall not eat one day, nor two days, nor five days, neither ten days, nor twenty days;

 But even a whole month, until it come out at your nostrils, and it be loathsome unto you: because that ye have despised the LORD which is among you, and have wept before him, saying, Why came we forth out of ?

 And  said, The people, among whom I am, are six hundred thousand footmen; and thou hast said, I will give them , that they may eat a whole month.

 Shall the flocks and the herds be slain for them, to suffice them?  or shall all the  of the sea be gathered together for them, to suffice them?

 And the LORD said unto , Is the LORD's hand waxed short? thou shalt see now whether my word shall come to pass unto thee or not.

 And  went out, and told the people the words of the LORD, and gathered the seventy men of the elders of the people, and set them round about the .

 And the LORD came down in a , and spake unto him, and took of the  that was upon him, and gave it unto the seventy elders: and it came to pass, that, when the  rested upon them, they prophesied, and did not cease.

 But there remained two of the men in the , the name of the one was , and the name of the other : and the  rested upon them; and they were of them that were written, but went not out unto the : and they prophesied in the .

 And there ran a young man, and told , and said,  and  do prophesy in the .

 And  the son of , the servant of , one of his young men, answered and said, My lord , forbid them.

 And  said unto him, Enviest thou for my sake? would God that all the LORD's people were prophets, and that the LORD would put his  upon them!

 And  gat him into the , he and the elders of .

 And there went forth a wind from the LORD, and brought  from the sea, and let them fall by the , as it were a day's  on this side, and as it were a day's  on the other side, round about the , and as it were two cubits high upon the face of the earth.

 And the people stood up all that day, and all that night, and all the next day, and they gathered the : he that gathered least gathered ten homers: and they spread them all abroad for themselves round about the .

 And while the  was yet between their teeth, ere it was chewed, the wrath of the LORD was kindled against the people, and the LORD smote the people with a very great .

 And he called the name of that place Kibrothhattaavah: because there they buried the people that lusted.

 And the people journeyed from Kibrothhattaavah unto ; and abode at .
