King James Version: Numbers: Numbers Chapter
King James Version: Numbers Chapter
And it came to pass after the , that the LORD spake unto  and unto  the son of  the , saying,

 Take the sum of all the  of the children of , from twenty years old and upward, throughout their fathers' house, all that are able to go to war in .

 And  and  the  spake with them in the plains of  by  near , saying,

 Take the sum of the people, from twenty years old and upward; as the LORD commanded  and the children of , which went forth out of the land of .

 , the eldest son of : the children of ; Hanoch, of whom cometh the family of the Hanochites: of , the family of the Palluites:

 Of , the family of the Hezronites: of , the family of the Carmites.

 These are the families of the Reubenites: and they that were numbered of them were forty and three thousand and  hundred and thirty.

 And the sons of ; .

 And the sons of ; , and , and . This is that  and , which were famous in the , who strove against  and against  in the company of , when they strove against the LORD:

 And the earth opened her mouth, and swallowed them up together with , when that company died, what time the fire devoured two hundred and fifty men: and they became a sign.

 Notwithstanding the children of  died not.

 The sons of  after their families: of , the family of the Nemuelites: of Jamin, the family of the Jaminites: of , the family of the Jachinites:

 Of , the family of the Zarhites: of Shaul, the family of the Shaulites.

 These are the families of the Simeonites, twenty and two thousand and two hundred.

 The children of  after their families: of Zephon, the family of the Zephonites: of Haggi, the family of the Haggites: of Shuni, the family of the Shunites:

 Of , the family of the Oznites: of Eri, the family of the Erites:

 Of Arod, the family of the Arodites: of Areli, the family of the Arelites.

 These are the families of the children of  according to those that were numbered of them, forty thousand and five hundred.

 The sons of  were Er and : and Er and  died in the land of .

 And the sons of  after their families were; of , the family of the Shelanites: of , the family of the Pharzites: of , the family of the Zarhites.

 And the sons of  were; of , the family of the Hezronites: of , the family of the Hamulites.

 These are the families of  according to those that were numbered of them, threescore and sixteen thousand and five hundred.

 Of the sons of  after their families: of , the family of the : of Pua, the family of the Punites:

 Of , the family of the Jashubites: of , the family of the Shimronites.

 These are the families of  according to those that were numbered of them, threescore and four thousand and three hundred.

 Of the sons of  after their families: of , the family of the Sardites: of , the family of the Elonites: of Jahleel, the family of the Jahleelites.

 These are the families of the Zebulunites according to those that were numbered of them, threescore thousand and five hundred.

 The sons of  after their families were  and .

 Of the sons of : of , the family of the Machirites: and  begat : of  come the family of the Gileadites.

 These are the sons of : of Jeezer, the family of the Jeezerites: of , the family of the Helekites:

 And of Asriel, the family of the Asrielites: and of , the family of the Shechemites:

 And of Shemida, the family of the Shemidaites: and of , the family of the Hepherites.

 And  the son of  had no sons, but daughters: and the names of the daughters of  were , and , , Milcah, and Tirzah.

 These are the families of , and those that were numbered of them, fifty and two thousand and  hundred.

 These are the sons of  after their families: of Shuthelah, the family of the Shuthalhites: of , the family of the Bachrites: of Tahan, the family of the Tahanites.

 And these are the sons of Shuthelah: of Eran, the family of the Eranites.

 These are the families of the sons of  according to those that were numbered of them, thirty and two thousand and five hundred. These are the sons of  after their families.

 The sons of  after their families: of , the family of the Belaites: of Ashbel, the family of the Ashbelites: of Ahiram, the family of the Ahiramites:

 Of Shupham, the family of the Shuphamites: of Hupham, the family of the Huphamites.

 And the sons of  were  and : of , the family of the Ardites: and of , the family of the Naamites.

 These are the sons of  after their families: and they that were numbered of them were forty and five thousand and six hundred.

 These are the sons of  after their families: of Shuham, the family of the Shuhamites. These are the families of  after their families.

 All the families of the Shuhamites, according to those that were numbered of them, were threescore and four thousand and four hundred.

 Of the children of  after their families: of Jimna, the family of the Jimnites: of Jesui, the family of the Jesuites: of , the family of the Beriites.

 Of the sons of : of , the family of the Heberites: of Malchiel, the family of the Malchielites.

 And the name of the daughter of  was .

 These are the families of the sons of  according to those that were numbered of them; who were fifty and three thousand and four hundred.

 Of the sons of  after their families: of , the family of the Jahzeelites: of Guni, the family of the Gunites:

 Of Jezer, the family of the Jezerites: of Shillem, the family of the Shillemites.

 These are the families of  according to their families: and they that were numbered of them were forty and five thousand and four hundred.

 These were the numbered of the children of , six hundred thousand and a thousand  hundred and thirty.

 And the LORD spake unto , saying,

 Unto these the land shall be divided for an inheritance according to the number of names.

 To many thou shalt give the more inheritance, and to few thou shalt give the less inheritance: to every one shall his inheritance be given according to those that were numbered of him.

 Notwithstanding the land shall be divided by lot: according to the names of the tribes of their fathers they shall inherit.

 According to the lot shall the possession thereof be divided between many and few.

 And these are they that were numbered of the Levites after their families: of , the family of the Gershonites: of , the family of the : of , the family of the .

 These are the families of the Levites: the family of the Libnites, the family of the Hebronites, the family of the Mahlites, the family of the Mushites, the family of the Korathites. And  begat .

 And the name of Amram's wife was , the daughter of , whom her mother bare to  in : and she bare unto   and , and  their sister.

 And unto  was born , and , , and .

 And  and  died, when they offered strange fire before the LORD.

 And those that were numbered of them were twenty and three thousand, all males from a month old and upward: for they were not numbered among the children of , because there was no inheritance given them among the children of .

 These are they that were numbered by  and  the , who numbered the children of  in the plains of  by  near .

 But among these there was not a man of them whom  and  the  numbered, when they numbered the children of  in the  of .

 For the LORD had said of them, They shall surely die in the . And there was not left a man of them, save  the son of , and  the son of .
