King James Version: Numbers: Numbers Chapter
King James Version: Numbers Chapter
And  said unto , Build me here  altars, and prepare me here  oxen and  rams.

 And  did as  had spoken; and  and  offered on every  a  and a .

 And  said unto , Stand by thy burnt , and I will go: peradventure the LORD will come to meet me: and whatsoever he sheweth me I will tell thee. And he went to an high place.

 And God met : and he said unto him, I have prepared  altars, and I have offered upon every  a  and a .

 And the LORD put a word in Balaam's mouth, and said, Return unto , and thus thou shalt speak.

 And he returned unto him, and, lo, he stood by his burnt , he, and all the princes of .

 And he took up his , and said,  the  of  hath brought me from , out of the mountains of the , saying, Come,  me , and come, defy .

 How shall I , whom God hath not cursed? or how shall I defy, whom the LORD hath not defied?

 For from the top of the rocks I see him, and from the hills I behold him: lo, the people shall dwell alone, and shall not be reckoned among the nations.

 Who can count the  of , and the number of the fourth part of ? Let me die the death of the righteous, and let my last end be like his!

 And  said unto , What hast thou done unto me? I took thee to  mine enemies, and, behold, thou hast blessed them altogether.

 And he answered and said, Must I not take heed to speak that which the LORD hath put in my mouth?

 And  said unto him, Come, I pray thee, with me unto another place, from whence thou mayest see them: thou shalt see but the utmost part of them, and shalt not see them all: and  me them from thence.

 And he brought him into the field of Zophim, to the top of , and built  altars, and offered a  and a  on every .

 And he said unto , Stand here by thy burnt , while I meet the LORD yonder.

 And the LORD met , and put a word in his mouth, and said, Go again unto , and say thus.

 And when he came to him, behold, he stood by his burnt , and the princes of  with him. And  said unto him, What hath the LORD spoken?

 And he took up his , and said, Rise up, , and hear; hearken unto me, thou son of :

 God is not a man, that he should lie; neither the son of man, that he should repent: hath he said, and shall he not do it? or hath he spoken, and shall he not make it good?

 Behold, I have received commandment to : and he hath blessed; and I cannot reverse it.

 He hath not beheld iniquity in , neither hath he seen perverseness in : the LORD his God is with him, and the shout of a  is among them.

 God brought them out of ; he hath as it were the strength of an .

 Surely there is no enchantment against , neither is there any  against : according to this time it shall be said of  and of , What hath God wrought!

 Behold, the people shall rise up as a great lion, and lift up himself as a young lion: he shall not lie down until he eat of the prey, and  the  of the slain.

 And  said unto , Neither  them at all, nor  them at all.

 But  answered and said unto , Told not I thee, saying, All that the LORD speaketh, that I must do?

 And  said unto , Come, I pray thee, I will bring thee unto another place; peradventure it will please God that thou mayest  me them from thence.

 And  brought  unto the top of , that looketh toward .

 And  said unto , Build me here  altars, and prepare me here  bullocks and  rams.

 And  did as  had said, and offered a  and a  on every .
