King James Version: Numbers: Numbers Chapter
King James Version: Numbers Chapter
And the LORD spake unto , saying,

 Speak unto  and say unto him, When thou lightest the lamps, the  lamps shall give light over against the .

 And  did so; he lighted the lamps thereof over against the , as the LORD commanded .

 And this work of the  was of beaten , unto the shaft thereof, unto the  thereof, was beaten work: according unto the pattern which the LORD had shewed , so he made the .

 And the LORD spake unto , saying,

 Take the Levites from among the children of , and cleanse them.

 And thus shalt thou do unto them, to cleanse them: Sprinkle water of purifying upon them, and let them shave all their , and let them wash their clothes, and so make themselves .

 Then let them take a young  with his meat , even fine  mingled with oil, and another young  shalt thou take for a  .

 And thou shalt bring the Levites before the  of the : and thou shalt gather the whole assembly of the children of  together:

 And thou shalt bring the Levites before the LORD: and the children of  shall put their hands upon the Levites:

 And  shall offer the Levites before the LORD for an  of the children of , that they may execute the service of the LORD.

 And the Levites shall lay their hands upon the heads of the bullocks: and thou shalt offer the one for a  , and the other for a burnt , unto the LORD, to make an  for the Levites.

 And thou shalt set the Levites before , and before his sons, and offer them for an  unto the LORD.

 Thus shalt thou separate the Levites from among the children of : and the Levites shall be mine.

 And after that shall the Levites go in to do the service of the  of the : and thou shalt cleanse them, and offer them for an .

 For they are wholly given unto me from among the children of ; instead of such as open every womb, even instead of the firstborn of all the children of , have I taken them unto me.

 For all the firstborn of the children of  are mine, both man and : on the day that I smote every firstborn in the land of  I sanctified them for myself.

 And I have taken the Levites for all the firstborn of the children of .

 And I have given the Levites as a  to  and to his sons from among the children of , to do the service of the children of  in the  of the , and to make an  for the children of : that there be no  among the children of , when the children of  come nigh unto the .

 And , and , and all the  of the children of , did to the Levites according unto all that the LORD commanded  concerning the Levites, so did the children of  unto them.

 And the Levites were purified, and they washed their clothes; and  offered them as an  before the LORD; and  made an  for them to cleanse them.

 And after that went the Levites in to do their service in the  of the  before , and before his sons: as the LORD had commanded  concerning the Levites, so did they unto them.

 And the LORD spake unto , saying,

 This is it that belongeth unto the Levites: from twenty and five years old and upward they shall go in to wait upon the service of the  of the :

 And from the age of fifty years they shall cease waiting upon the service thereof, and shall serve no more:

 But shall  with their brethren in the  of the , to keep the charge, and shall do no service. Thus shalt thou do unto the Levites touching their charge.
