King James Version: Lamentations: Lamentations Chapter
King James Version: Lamentations Chapter
How hath the LORD covered the daughter of  with a  in his , and cast down from  unto the earth the beauty of , and remembered not his  in the day of his !

 The LORD hath swallowed up all the habitations of , and hath not pitied: he hath thrown down in his wrath the strong holds of the daughter of ; he hath brought them down to the ground: he hath polluted the kingdom and the princes thereof.

 He hath cut off in his fierce  all the  of : he hath drawn back his right hand from before the enemy, and he burned against  like a flaming fire, which devoureth round about.

 He hath bent his  like an enemy: he stood with his right hand as an , and slew all that were pleasant to the eye in the  of the daughter of : he poured out his  like fire.

 The LORD was as an enemy: he hath swallowed up , he hath swallowed up all her palaces: he hath destroyed his strong holds, and hath increased in the daughter of  mourning and .

 And he hath violently taken away his , as if it were of a garden: he hath destroyed his places of the assembly: the LORD hath caused the solemn feasts and sabbaths to be forgotten in , and hath despised in the indignation of his  the  and the .

 The LORD hath cast off his , he hath abhorred his , he hath given up into the hand of the enemy the walls of her palaces; they have made a noise in the house of the LORD, as in the day of a solemn .

 The LORD hath purposed to destroy the wall of the daughter of : he hath stretched out a line, he hath not withdrawn his hand from destroying: therefore he made the rampart and the wall to lament; they languished together.

 Her gates are sunk into the ground; he hath destroyed and broken her bars: her  and her princes are among the : the law is no more; her prophets also find no  from the LORD.

 The elders of the daughter of  sit upon the ground, and keep silence: they have cast up  upon their heads; they have girded themselves with : the virgins of  hang down their heads to the ground.

 Mine eyes do fail with tears, my  are troubled, my  is poured upon the earth, for the  of the daughter of my people; because the children and the sucklings swoon in the streets of the city.

 They say to their mothers, Where is  and ? when they swooned as the wounded in the streets of the city, when their soul was poured out into their mothers' .

 What thing shall I take to  for thee? what thing shall I liken to thee, O daughter of ? what shall I equal to thee, that I may comfort thee, O  daughter of ? for thy  is great like the sea: who can heal thee?

 Thy prophets have seen vain and foolish things for thee: and they have not discovered thine iniquity, to turn away thy ; but have seen for thee false burdens and causes of banishment.

 All that pass by clap their hands at thee; they  and wag their head at the daughter of , saying, Is this the city that men call The  of beauty, The joy of the whole earth?

 All thine enemies have opened their mouth against thee: they  and  the teeth: they say, We have swallowed her up: certainly this is the day that we looked for; we have found, we have seen it.

 The LORD hath done that which he had devised; he hath fulfilled his word that he had commanded in the days of old: he hath thrown down, and hath not pitied: and he hath caused thine enemy to rejoice over thee, he hath set up the  of thine adversaries.

 Their heart cried unto the LORD, O wall of the daughter of , let tears run down like a river day and night: give thyself no rest; let not the  of thine eye cease.

 Arise, cry out in the night: in the beginning of the  pour out thine heart like water before the face of the LORD: lift up thy hands toward him for the life of thy young children, that faint for hunger in the top of every street.

 Behold, O LORD, and consider to whom thou hast done this. Shall the women eat their , and children of a span long? shall the  and the  be slain in the  of the Lord?

 The young and the old lie on the ground in the streets: my virgins and my young men are fallen by the ; thou hast slain them in the day of thine ; thou hast killed, and not pitied.

 Thou hast called as in a solemn day my terrors round about, so that in the day of the LORD's  none escaped nor remained: those that I have swaddled and brought up hath mine enemy consumed.
