King James Version: Lamentations: Lamentations Chapter
King James Version: Lamentations Chapter
How is the  become dim! how is the most fine  changed! the stones of the  are poured out in the top of every street.

 The precious sons of , comparable to fine , how are they esteemed as earthen pitchers, the work of the hands of the potter!

 Even the sea monsters draw out the breast, they give suck to their young ones: the daughter of my people is become cruel, like the ostriches in the .

 The tongue of the sucking child cleaveth to the roof of his mouth for thirst: the young children ask , and no man breaketh it unto them.

 They that did feed delicately are desolate in the streets: they that were brought up in  embrace dunghills.

 For the  of the iniquity of the daughter of my people is greater than the  of the  of , that was overthrown as in a moment, and no hands stayed on her.

 Her Nazarites were purer than , they were whiter than , they were more ruddy in body than rubies, their polishing was of :

 Their visage is blacker than a ; they are not known in the streets: their skin cleaveth to their bones; it is withered, it is become like a stick.

 They that be slain with the  are better than they that be slain with hunger: for these pine away, stricken through for want of the fruits of the field.

 The hands of the pitiful women have sodden their own children: they were their meat in the  of the daughter of my people.

 The LORD hath accomplished his ; he hath poured out his fierce , and hath kindled a fire in , and it hath devoured the foundations thereof.

 The kings of the earth, and all the inhabitants of the world, would not have believed that the  and the enemy should have entered into the gates of .

 For the sins of her prophets, and the iniquities of her priests, that have shed the  of the just in the midst of her,

 They have wandered as  men in the streets, they have polluted themselves with , so that men could not touch their garments.

 They cried unto them, Depart ye; it is unclean; depart, depart, touch not: when they fled away and wandered, they said among the , They shall no more sojourn there.

 The  of the LORD hath divided them; he will no more regard them: they respected not the persons of the priests, they favoured not the elders.

 As for us, our eyes as yet failed for our vain help: in our watching we have watched for a nation that could not save us.

 They hunt our steps, that we cannot go in our streets: our end is near, our days are fulfilled; for our end is come.

 Our persecutors are swifter than the eagles of the : they pursued us upon the mountains, they laid wait for us in the .

 The breath of our nostrils, the anointed of the LORD, was taken in their pits, of whom we said, Under his  we shall live among the .

 Rejoice and be glad, O daughter of , that dwellest in the land of ; the  also shall pass through unto thee: thou shalt be drunken, and shalt make thyself .

 The  of thine iniquity is accomplished, O daughter of ; he will no more carry thee away into : he will visit thine iniquity, O daughter of ; he will discover thy sins.
