King James Version: Proverbs: Proverbs Chapter
King James Version: Proverbs Chapter
As  in summer, and as  in , so honour is not seemly for a fool.

 As the  by , as the  by flying, so the  causeless shall not come.

 A whip for the horse, a  for the , and a rod for the fool's back.

 Answer not a fool according to his folly, lest thou also be like unto him.

 Answer a fool according to his folly, lest he be  in his own conceit.

 He that sendeth a message by the hand of a fool cutteth off the feet, and drinketh damage.

 The legs of the lame are not equal: so is a  in the mouth of fools.

 As he that bindeth a  in a , so is he that giveth honour to a fool.

 As a  goeth up into the hand of a drunkard, so is a  in the mouths of fools.

 The great God that formed all things both rewardeth the fool, and rewardeth transgressors.

 As a dog returneth to his vomit, so a fool returneth to his folly.

 Seest thou a man  in his own conceit? there is more hope of a fool than of him.

 The slothful man saith, There is a lion in the way; a lion is in the streets.

 As the door turneth upon his hinges, so doth the slothful upon his bed.

 The slothful hideth his hand in his ; it grieveth him to bring it again to his mouth.

 The sluggard is wiser in his own conceit than  men that can render a reason.

 He that passeth by, and meddleth with strife belonging not to him, is like one that taketh a dog by the ears.

 As a mad man who casteth firebrands, , and death,

 So is the man that deceiveth his neighbour, and saith, Am not I in sport?

 Where no  is, there the fire goeth out: so where there is no talebearer, the strife ceaseth.

 As coals are to burning coals, and  to fire; so is a contentious man to kindle strife.

 The words of a talebearer are as wounds, and they go down into the innermost parts of the .

 Burning lips and a wicked heart are like a  covered with  .

 He that hateth dissembleth with his lips, and layeth up deceit within him;

 When he speaketh fair, believe him not: for there are  abominations in his heart.

 Whose  is covered by deceit, his wickedness shall be shewed before the whole .

 Whoso diggeth a  shall fall therein: and he that rolleth a , it will return upon him.

 A lying tongue hateth those that are afflicted by it; and a flattering mouth worketh ruin.
