King James Version: Proverbs: Proverbs Chapter
King James Version: Proverbs Chapter
Better is a dry morsel, and quietness therewith, than an house full of sacrifices with strife.

 A  servant shall have rule over a son that causeth shame, and shall have part of the inheritance among the brethren.

 The fining pot is for , and the  for : but the LORD trieth the hearts.

 A wicked doer giveth heed to false lips; and a liar giveth  to a naughty tongue.

 Whoso mocketh the  reproacheth his Maker: and he that is glad at calamities shall not be unpunished.

 Children's children are the  of old men; and the  of children are their fathers.

 Excellent speech becometh not a fool: much less do lying lips a .

 A  is as a precious  in the eyes of him that hath it: whithersoever it turneth, it prospereth.

 He that covereth a transgression seeketh love; but he that repeateth a matter separateth very friends.

 A reproof entereth more into a  man than an hundred  into a fool.

 An evil man seeketh only rebellion: therefore a cruel  shall be sent against him.

 Let a bear robbed of her whelps meet a man, rather than a fool in his folly.

 Whoso rewardeth evil for good, evil shall not depart from his house.

 The beginning of strife is as when one letteth out water: therefore leave off contention, before it be meddled with.

 He that justifieth the wicked, and he that condemneth the just, even they both are  to the LORD.

 Wherefore is there a price in the hand of a fool to get wisdom, seeing he hath no heart to it?

 A friend loveth at all times, and a brother is born for adversity.

 A man void of understanding striketh hands, and becometh  in the presence of his friend.

 He loveth transgression that loveth strife: and he that exalteth his  seeketh .

 He that hath a froward heart findeth no good: and he that hath a perverse tongue falleth into mischief.

 He that begetteth a fool doeth it to his sorrow: and the father of a fool hath no joy.

 A merry heart doeth good like a medicine: but a broken  drieth the bones.

 A wicked man taketh a  out of the  to pervert the ways of judgment.

 Wisdom is before him that hath understanding; but the eyes of a fool are in the ends of the earth.

 A foolish son is a grief to his father, and bitterness to her that bare him.

 Also to punish the just is not good, nor to strike princes for equity.

 He that hath knowledge spareth his words: and a man of understanding is of an excellent .

 Even a fool, when he holdeth his peace, is counted : and he that shutteth his lips is esteemed a man of understanding.
