King James Version: Proverbs: Proverbs Chapter
King James Version: Proverbs Chapter
Whoso loveth instruction loveth knowledge: but he that hateth reproof is brutish.

 A good man obtaineth favour of the LORD: but a man of wicked devices will he condemn.

 A man shall not be established by wickedness: but the root of the righteous shall not be moved.

 A virtuous woman is a  to her husband: but she that maketh ashamed is as rottenness in his bones.

 The thoughts of the righteous are right: but the counsels of the wicked are deceit.

 The words of the wicked are to lie in wait for : but the mouth of the upright shall deliver them.

 The wicked are overthrown, and are not: but the house of the righteous shall stand.

 A man shall be commended according to his wisdom: but he that is of a perverse heart shall be despised.

 He that is despised, and hath a servant, is better than he that honoureth himself, and lacketh .

 A righteous man regardeth the life of his : but the tender mercies of the wicked are cruel.

 He that tilleth his land shall be satisfied with : but he that followeth vain persons is void of understanding.

 The wicked desireth the  of evil men: but the root of the righteous yieldeth .

 The wicked is snared by the transgression of his lips: but the just shall come out of trouble.

 A man shall be satisfied with good by the  of his mouth: and the recompence of a man's hands shall be rendered unto him.

 The way of a fool is right in his own eyes: but he that hearkeneth unto counsel is .

 A fool's wrath is presently known: but a prudent man covereth shame.

 He that speaketh truth sheweth forth : but a false  deceit.

 There is that speaketh like the piercings of a : but the tongue of the  is health.

 The  of truth shall be established for ever: but a lying tongue is but for a moment.

 Deceit is in the heart of them that imagine evil: but to the counsellors of peace is joy.

 There shall no evil happen to the just: but the wicked shall be filled with mischief.

 Lying lips are  to the LORD: but they that deal truly are his delight.

 A prudent man concealeth knowledge: but the heart of fools proclaimeth foolishness.

 The hand of the diligent shall bear rule: but the slothful shall be under .

 Heaviness in the heart of man maketh it stoop: but a good word maketh it glad.

 The righteous is more excellent than his neighbour: but the way of the wicked seduceth them.

 The slothful man roasteth not that which he took in : but the substance of a diligent man is precious.

 In the way of  is life: and in the pathway thereof there is no death.
