King James Version: Proverbs: Proverbs Chapter
King James Version: Proverbs Chapter
These are also proverbs of , which the men of   of  copied out.

 It is the  of God to conceal a thing: but the honour of kings is to search out a matter.

 The  for height, and the earth for depth, and the heart of kings is unsearchable.

 Take away the  from the , and there shall come forth a vessel for the .

 Take away the wicked from before the , and his  shall be established in .

 Put not forth thyself in the presence of the , and stand not in the place of great men:

 For better it is that it be said unto thee, Come up hither; than that thou shouldest be put lower in the presence of the  whom thine eyes have seen.

 Go not forth hastily to strive, lest thou know not what to do in the end thereof, when thy neighbour hath put thee to shame.

 Debate thy cause with thy neighbour himself; and discover not a secret to another:

 Lest he that heareth it put thee to shame, and thine infamy turn not away.

 A word fitly spoken is like apples of  in pictures of .

 As an earring of , and an ornament of fine , so is a  reprover upon an obedient .

 As the cold of  in the time of , so is a   to them that send him: for he refresheth the soul of his masters.

 Whoso boasteth himself of a false  is like clouds and wind without .

 By long forbearing is a  persuaded, and a soft tongue breaketh the bone.

 Hast thou found ? eat so much as is sufficient for thee, lest thou be filled therewith, and vomit it.

 Withdraw thy foot from thy neighbour's house; lest he be weary of thee, and so hate thee.

 A man that beareth false  against his neighbour is a , and a , and a sharp arrow.

 Confidence in an unfaithful man in time of trouble is like a broken tooth, and a foot out of joint.

 As he that taketh away a garment in cold weather, and as  upon , so is he that singeth  to an heavy heart.

 If thine enemy be hungry, give him  to eat; and if he be thirsty, give him water to :

 For thou shalt  coals of fire upon his head, and the LORD shall reward thee.

 The north wind driveth away : so doth an angry countenance a backbiting tongue.

 It is better to dwell in the corner of the housetop, than with a brawling woman and in a wide house.

 As cold waters to a thirsty soul, so is good news from a far country.

 A righteous man falling down before the wicked is as a troubled , and a corrupt spring.

 It is not good to eat much : so for men to search their own  is not .

 He that hath no rule over his own  is like a city that is broken down, and without walls.
