King James Version: Proverbs: Proverbs Chapter
King James Version: Proverbs Chapter
Through desire a man, having separated himself, seeketh and intermeddleth with all wisdom.

 A fool hath no delight in understanding, but that his heart may discover itself.

 When the wicked cometh, then cometh also contempt, and with ignominy reproach.

 The words of a man's mouth are as  waters, and the wellspring of wisdom as a flowing .

 It is not good to accept the person of the wicked, to overthrow the righteous in judgment.

 A fool's lips enter into contention, and his mouth calleth for strokes.

 A fool's mouth is his , and his lips are the  of his soul.

 The words of a talebearer are as wounds, and they go down into the innermost parts of the .

 He also that is slothful in his work is brother to him that is a great waster.

 The name of the LORD is a strong tower: the righteous runneth into it, and is safe.

 The rich man's wealth is his strong city, and as an high wall in his own conceit.

 Before  the heart of man is haughty, and before honour is .

 He that answereth a matter before he heareth it, it is folly and shame unto him.

 The  of a man will sustain his infirmity; but a wounded  who can bear?

 The heart of the prudent getteth knowledge; and the  of the  seeketh knowledge.

 A man's  maketh room for him, and bringeth him before great men.

 He that is first in his own cause seemeth just; but his neighbour cometh and searcheth him.

 The lot causeth contentions to cease, and parteth between the mighty.

 A brother offended is harder to be won than a strong city: and their contentions are like the bars of a .

 A man's  shall be satisfied with the  of his mouth; and with the increase of his lips shall he be filled.

 Death and life are in the power of the tongue: and they that love it shall eat the  thereof.

 Whoso findeth a wife findeth a good thing, and obtaineth favour of the LORD.

 The  useth intreaties; but the rich answereth roughly.

 A man that hath friends must shew himself friendly: and there is a friend that sticketh closer than a brother.
