King James Version: Proverbs: Proverbs Chapter
King James Version: Proverbs Chapter
is a mocker, strong  is raging: and whosoever is deceived thereby is not .

 The fear of a  is as the roaring of a lion: whoso provoketh him to  sinneth against his own soul.

 It is an honour for a man to cease from strife: but every fool will be meddling.

 The sluggard will not plow by reason of the cold; therefore shall he  in , and have nothing.

 Counsel in the heart of man is like  water; but a man of understanding will draw it out.

 Most men will proclaim every one his own : but a  man who can find?

 The just man walketh in his integrity: his children are blessed after him.

 A  that sitteth in the  of judgment scattereth away all evil with his eyes.

 Who can say, I have made my heart , I am pure from my ?

 Divers , and divers measures, both of them are alike  to the LORD.

 Even a child is known by his doings, whether his work be pure, and whether it be right.

 The hearing , and the seeing eye, the LORD hath made even both of them.

 Love not sleep, lest thou come to poverty; open thine eyes, and thou shalt be satisfied with .

 It is naught, it is naught, saith the buyer: but when he is gone his way, then he boasteth.

 There is , and a multitude of rubies: but the lips of knowledge are a precious jewel.

 Take his garment that is  for a : and take a  of him for a strange woman.

  of deceit is sweet to a man; but afterwards his mouth shall be filled with gravel.

 Every purpose is established by counsel: and with good advice make war.

 He that goeth about as a talebearer revealeth secrets: therefore meddle not with him that flattereth with his lips.

 Whoso curseth his father or his mother, his  shall be put out in obscure .

 An inheritance may be gotten hastily at the beginning; but the end thereof shall not be blessed.

 Say not thou, I will recompense evil; but wait on the LORD, and he shall save thee.

 Divers  are an  unto the LORD; and a false  is not good.

 Man's goings are of the LORD; how can a man then understand his own way?

 It is a  to the man who devoureth that which is holy, and after  to make enquiry.

 A   scattereth the wicked, and bringeth the  over them.

 The  of man is the  of the LORD, searching all the inward parts of the .

  and truth preserve the : and his  is upholden by .

 The  of young men is their strength: and the beauty of old men is the grey head.

 The blueness of a wound cleanseth away evil: so do  the inward parts of the .
