King James Version: Proverbs: Proverbs Chapter
King James Version: Proverbs Chapter
A false  is  to the LORD: but a just weight is his delight.

 When pride cometh, then cometh shame: but with the lowly is wisdom.

 The integrity of the upright shall guide them: but the perverseness of transgressors shall destroy them.

 Riches profit not in the day of wrath: but  delivereth from death.

 The  of the perfect shall direct his way: but the wicked shall fall by his own wickedness.

 The  of the upright shall deliver them: but transgressors shall be taken in their own naughtiness.

 When a wicked man dieth, his expectation shall perish: and the hope of unjust men perisheth.

 The righteous is delivered out of trouble, and the wicked cometh in his stead.

 An  with his mouth destroyeth his neighbour: but through knowledge shall the just be delivered.

 When it goeth well with the righteous, the city rejoiceth: and when the wicked perish, there is shouting.

 By the blessing of the upright the city is exalted: but it is overthrown by the mouth of the wicked.

 He that is void of wisdom despiseth his neighbour: but a man of understanding holdeth his peace.

 A talebearer revealeth secrets: but he that is of a   concealeth the matter.

 Where no counsel is, the people fall: but in the multitude of counsellors there is safety.

 He that is  for a  shall smart for it: and he that hateth suretiship is sure.

 A gracious woman retaineth honour: and strong men retain riches.

 The merciful man doeth good to his own soul: but he that is cruel troubleth his own .

 The wicked worketh a deceitful work: but to him that soweth  shall be a sure reward.

 As  tendeth to life: so he that pursueth evil pursueth it to his own death.

 They that are of a froward heart are  to the LORD: but such as are upright in their way are his delight.

 Though hand join in hand, the wicked shall not be unpunished: but the seed of the righteous shall be delivered.

 As a jewel of  in a swine's snout, so is a fair woman which is without discretion.

 The desire of the righteous is only good: but the expectation of the wicked is wrath.

 There is that scattereth, and yet increaseth; and there is that withholdeth more than is meet, but it tendeth to poverty.

 The liberal soul shall be made : and he that watereth shall be watered also himself.

 He that withholdeth , the people shall  him: but blessing shall be upon the head of him that selleth it.

 He that diligently seeketh good procureth favour: but he that seeketh mischief, it shall come unto him.

 He that trusteth in his riches shall fall; but the righteous shall flourish as a .

 He that troubleth his own house shall inherit the wind: and the fool shall be servant to the  of heart.

 The  of the righteous is a tree of life; and he that winneth souls is .

 Behold, the righteous shall be recompensed in the earth: much more the wicked and the sinner.
