King James Version: Proverbs: Proverbs Chapter
King James Version: Proverbs Chapter
He, that being often reproved hardeneth his , shall suddenly be destroyed, and that without remedy.

 When the righteous are in authority, the people rejoice: but when the wicked beareth rule, the people .

 Whoso loveth wisdom rejoiceth his father: but he that keepeth company with harlots spendeth his substance.

 The  by judgment establisheth the land: but he that receiveth gifts overthroweth it.

 A man that flattereth his neighbour spreadeth a  for his feet.

 In the transgression of an evil man there is a : but the righteous doth sing and rejoice.

 The righteous considereth the cause of the : but the wicked regardeth not to know it.

 Scornful men bring a city into a : but  men turn away wrath.

 If a  man contendeth with a foolish man, whether he rage or laugh, there is no rest.

 The bloodthirsty hate the upright: but the just seek his soul.

 A fool uttereth all his mind: but a  man keepeth it in till afterwards.

 If a ruler hearken to lies, all his servants are wicked.

 The  and the deceitful man meet together: the LORD lighteneth both their eyes.

 The  that faithfully judgeth the , his  shall be established for ever.

 The rod and reproof give wisdom: but a child left to himself bringeth his mother to shame.

 When the wicked are multiplied, transgression increaseth: but the righteous shall see their fall.

 Correct thy son, and he shall give thee rest; yea, he shall give delight unto thy soul.

 Where there is no , the people perish: but he that keepeth the law, happy is he.

 A servant will not be corrected by words: for though he understand he will not answer.

 Seest thou a man that is hasty in his words? there is more hope of a fool than of him.

 He that delicately bringeth up his servant from a child shall have him become his son at the length.

 An angry man stirreth up strife, and a furious man aboundeth in transgression.

 A man's pride shall bring him low: but honour shall uphold the humble in .

 Whoso is partner with a thief hateth his own soul: he heareth cursing, and bewrayeth it not.

 The fear of man bringeth a : but whoso putteth his trust in the LORD shall be safe.

 Many seek the ruler's favour; but every man's judgment cometh from the LORD.

 An unjust man is an  to the just: and he that is upright in the way is  to the wicked.
