King James Version: Proverbs: Proverbs Chapter
King James Version: Proverbs Chapter
My son, if thou be  for thy friend, if thou hast stricken thy hand with a ,

 Thou art snared with the words of thy mouth, thou art taken with the words of thy mouth.

 Do this now, my son, and deliver thyself, when thou art come into the hand of thy friend; go, humble thyself, and make sure thy friend.

 Give not sleep to thine eyes, nor slumber to thine eyelids.

 Deliver thyself as a  from the hand of the hunter, and as a  from the hand of the .

 Go to the , thou sluggard; consider her ways, and be :

 Which having no guide, overseer, or ruler,

 Provideth her meat in the summer, and gathereth her food in the .

 How long wilt thou sleep, O sluggard? when wilt thou arise out of thy sleep?

 Yet a little sleep, a little slumber, a little folding of the hands to sleep:

 So shall thy poverty come as one that travelleth, and thy want as an armed man.

 A naughty person, a wicked man, walketh with a froward mouth.

 He winketh with his eyes, he speaketh with his feet, he teacheth with his fingers;

 Frowardness is in his heart, he deviseth mischief continually; he soweth discord.

 Therefore shall his calamity come suddenly; suddenly shall he be broken without remedy.

 These six things doth the LORD hate: yea,  are an  unto him:

 A proud look, a lying tongue, and hands that shed innocent ,

 An heart that deviseth wicked imaginations, feet that be swift in running to mischief,

 A false  that speaketh lies, and he that soweth discord among brethren.

 My son, keep thy father's commandment, and forsake not the law of thy mother:

 Bind them continually upon thine heart, and tie them about thy .

 When thou goest, it shall lead thee; when thou sleepest, it shall keep thee; and when thou awakest, it shall talk with thee.

 For the commandment is a ; and the law is light; and reproofs of instruction are the way of life:

 To keep thee from the evil woman, from the flattery of the tongue of a strange woman.

  not after her beauty in thine heart; neither let her take thee with her eyelids.

 For by means of a whorish woman a man is brought to a piece of : and the adultress will hunt for the precious life.

 Can a man take fire in his , and his clothes not be burned?

 Can one go upon hot coals, and his feet not be burned?

 So he that goeth in to his neighbour's wife; whosoever toucheth her shall not be innocent.

 Men do not despise a thief, if he steal to satisfy his soul when he is hungry;

 But if he be found, he shall restore sevenfold; he shall give all the substance of his house.

 But whoso committeth  with a woman lacketh understanding: he that doeth it destroyeth his own soul.

 A wound and dishonour shall he get; and his reproach shall not be wiped away.

 For  is the rage of a man: therefore he will not spare in the day of vengeance.

 He will not regard any ; neither will he rest content, though thou givest many gifts.
