King James Version: Isaiah: Isaiah Chapter
King James Version: Isaiah Chapter
And it came to pass, when   heard it, that he  his clothes, and covered himself with , and went into the house of the LORD.

 And he sent , who was over the household, and  the scribe, and the elders of the priests covered with , unto  the  the son of .

 And they said unto him, Thus saith , This day is a day of trouble, and of rebuke, and of : for the children are come to the , and there is not strength to bring forth.

 It may be the LORD thy God will hear the words of , whom the  of  his master hath sent to reproach the living God, and will reprove the words which the LORD thy God hath heard: wherefore lift up thy  for the remnant that is left.

 So the servants of   came to .

 And  said unto them, Thus shall ye say unto your master, Thus saith the LORD, Be not afraid of the words that thou hast heard, wherewith the servants of the  of  have blasphemed me.

 Behold, I will send a blast upon him, and he shall hear a rumour, and return to his own land; and I will cause him to fall by the  in his own land.

 So  returned, and found the  of  warring against : for he had heard that he was departed from .

 And he heard say concerning   of , He is come forth to make war with thee. And when he heard it, he sent messengers to , saying,

 Thus shall ye speak to   of , saying, Let not thy God, in whom thou trustest, deceive thee, saying,  shall not be given into the hand of the  of .

 Behold, thou hast heard what the kings of  have done to all lands by destroying them utterly; and shalt thou be delivered?

 Have the gods of the nations delivered them which my fathers have destroyed, as , and , and , and the children of  which were in ?

 Where is the  of , and the  of , and the  of the city of , , and ?

 And  received the letter from the hand of the messengers, and read it: and  went up unto the house of the LORD, and spread it before the LORD.

 And  prayed unto the LORD, saying,

 O LORD of hosts, God of , that dwellest between the cherubims, thou art the God, even thou alone, of all the kingdoms of the earth: thou hast made  and earth.

 Incline thine , O LORD, and hear; open thine eyes, O LORD, and see: and hear all the words of , which hath sent to reproach the living God.

 Of a truth, LORD, the kings of  have laid waste all the nations, and their countries,

 And have cast their gods into the fire: for they were no gods, but the work of men's hands,  and : therefore they have destroyed them.

 Now therefore, O LORD our God, save us from his hand, that all the kingdoms of the earth may know that thou art the LORD, even thou only.

 Then  the son of  sent unto , saying, Thus saith the LORD God of , Whereas thou hast prayed to me against   of :

 This is the word which the LORD hath spoken concerning him; The , the daughter of , hath despised thee, and laughed thee to scorn; the daughter of  hath shaken her head at thee.

 Whom hast thou reproached and blasphemed? and against whom hast thou exalted thy voice, and lifted up thine eyes on high? even against the Holy One of .

 By thy servants hast thou reproached the Lord, and hast said, By the multitude of my chariots am I come up to the height of the mountains, to the sides of ; and I will cut down the tall cedars thereof, and the choice  trees thereof: and I will enter into the height of his border, and the  of his .

 I have digged, and  water; and with the sole of my feet have I dried up all the rivers of the besieged places.

 Hast thou not heard long ago, how I have done it; and of ancient times, that I have formed it? now have I brought it to pass, that thou shouldest be to lay waste defenced cities into ruinous heaps.

 Therefore their inhabitants were of small power, they were dismayed and confounded: they were as the  of the field, and as the green , as the  on the housetops, and as  blasted before it be grown up.

 But I know thy abode, and thy going out, and thy coming in, and thy rage against me.

 Because thy rage against me, and thy tumult, is come up into mine ears, therefore will I put my  in thy nose, and my  in thy lips, and I will turn thee back by the way by which thou camest.

 And this shall be a sign unto thee, Ye shall eat this year such as groweth of itself; and the second year that which springeth of the same: and in the third year sow ye, and reap, and plant vineyards, and eat the  thereof.

 And the remnant that is escaped of the house of  shall again take root downward, and bear  upward:

 For out of  shall go forth a remnant, and they that escape out of  : the  of the LORD of hosts shall do this.

 Therefore thus saith the LORD concerning the  of , He shall not come into this city, nor shoot an arrow there, nor come before it with shields, nor cast a bank against it.

 By the way that he came, by the same shall he return, and shall not come into this city, saith the LORD.

 For I will defend this city to save it for mine own sake, and for my servant David's sake.

 Then the  of the LORD went forth, and smote in the  of the Assyrians a hundred and fourscore and five thousand: and when they arose early in the morning, behold, they were all dead corpses.

 So   of  departed, and went and returned, and dwelt at .

 And it came to pass, as he was worshipping in the house of  his god, that  and  his sons smote him with the ; and they escaped into the land of : and  his son reigned in his stead.
