King James Version: Isaiah: Isaiah Chapter
King James Version: Isaiah Chapter
The  of the  of . What aileth thee now, that thou art wholly gone up to the housetops?

 Thou that art full of stirs, a tumultuous city, joyous city: thy slain men are not slain with the , nor dead in battle.

 All thy rulers are fled together, they are bound by the archers: all that are found in thee are bound together, which have fled from far.

 Therefore said I, Look away from me; I will weep bitterly, labour not to comfort me, because of the spoiling of the daughter of my people.

 For it is a day of trouble, and of treading down, and of perplexity by the Lord GOD of hosts in the  of , breaking down the walls, and of crying to the mountains.

 And  bare the  with chariots of men and horsemen, and  uncovered the .

 And it shall come to pass, that thy choicest valleys shall be full of chariots, and the horsemen shall set themselves in array at the .

 And he discovered the covering of , and thou didst look in that day to the  of the house of the .

 Ye have seen also the breaches of the city of , that they are many: and ye gathered together the waters of the lower pool.

 And ye have numbered the houses of , and the houses have ye broken down to fortify the wall.

 Ye made also a ditch between the two walls for the water of the old pool: but ye have not looked unto the maker thereof, neither had respect unto him that fashioned it long ago.

 And in that day did the Lord GOD of hosts call to weeping, and to mourning, and to , and to girding with :

 And behold joy and gladness, slaying oxen, and killing ,  , and drinking : let us eat and ; for to morrow we shall die.

 And it was revealed in mine ears by the LORD of hosts, Surely this iniquity shall not be purged from you till ye die, saith the Lord GOD of hosts.

 Thus saith the Lord GOD of hosts, Go, get thee unto this treasurer, even unto , which is over the house, and say,

 What hast thou here? and whom hast thou here, that thou hast hewed thee out a  here, as he that heweth him out a  on high, and that graveth an  for himself in a ?

 Behold, the LORD will carry thee away with a mighty , and will surely cover thee.

 He will surely violently turn and toss thee like a ball into a large country: there shalt thou die, and there the chariots of thy  shall be the shame of thy lord's house.

 And I will drive thee from thy station, and from thy state shall he pull thee down.

 And it shall come to pass in that day, that I will call my servant  the son of :

 And I will clothe him with thy robe, and strengthen him with thy , and I will commit thy government into his hand: and he shall be a father to the inhabitants of , and to the house of .

 And the  of the house of  will I lay upon his shoulder; so he shall open, and none shall shut; and he shall shut, and none shall open.

 And I will fasten him as a  in a sure place; and he shall be for a glorious  to his father's house.

 And they shall hang upon him all the  of his father's house, the offspring and the issue, all vessels of small quantity, from the vessels of cups, even to all the vessels of flagons.

 In that day, saith the LORD of hosts, shall the  that is fastened in the sure place be removed, and be cut down, and fall; and the  that was upon it shall be cut off: for the LORD hath spoken it.
