King James Version: Isaiah: Isaiah Chapter
King James Version: Isaiah Chapter
Now it came to pass in the fourteenth year of  , that   of  came up against all the defenced cities of , and took them.

 And the  of  sent  from  to  unto   with a great army. And he stood by the  of the upper pool in the  of the fuller's field.

 Then came forth unto him , Hilkiah's son, which was over the house, and  the scribe, and , Asaph's son, the .

 And  said unto them, Say ye now to , Thus saith the great , the  of , What confidence is this wherein thou trustest?

 I say, sayest thou, (but they are but vain words) I have counsel and strength for war: now on whom dost thou trust, that thou rebellest against me?

 Lo, thou trustest in the staff of this broken , on ; whereon if a man lean, it will go into his hand, and pierce it: so is   of  to all that trust in him.

 But if thou say to me, We trust in the LORD our God: is it not he, whose high places and whose altars  hath taken away, and said to  and to , Ye shall  before this ?

 Now therefore give pledges, I pray thee, to my master the  of , and I will give thee two thousand horses, if thou be able on thy part to set riders upon them.

 How then wilt thou turn away the face of one captain of the least of my master's servants, and put thy trust on  for chariots and for horsemen?

 And am I now come up without the LORD against this land to destroy it? the LORD said unto me, Go up against this land, and destroy it.

 Then said  and  and  unto , Speak, I pray thee, unto thy servants in the Syrian language; for we understand it: and speak not to us in the Jews' language, in the ears of the people that are on the wall.

 But  said, Hath my master sent me to thy master and to thee to speak these words? hath he not sent me to the men that sit upon the wall, that they may eat their own , and  their own piss with you?

 Then  stood, and cried with a loud voice in the Jews' language, and said, Hear ye the words of the great , the  of .

 Thus saith the , Let not  deceive you: for he shall not be able to deliver you.

 Neither let  make you trust in the LORD, saying, The LORD will surely deliver us: this city shall not be delivered into the hand of the  of .

 Hearken not to : for thus saith the  of , Make an agreement with me by a present, and come out to me: and eat ye every one of his , and every one of his  tree, and  ye every one the waters of his own ;

 Until I come and take you away to a land like your own land, a land of  and , a land of  and vineyards.

 Beware lest  persuade you, saying, the LORD will deliver us. Hath any of the gods of the nations delivered his land out of the hand of the  of ?

 Where are the gods of  and ? where are the gods of ? and have they delivered  out of my hand?

 Who are they among all the gods of these lands, that have delivered their land out of my hand, that the LORD should deliver  out of my hand?

 But they held their peace, and answered him not a word: for the king's commandment was, saying, Answer him not.

 Then came , the son of , that was over the household, and  the scribe, and , the son of , the , to  with their clothes , and told him the words of .
