King James Version: Isaiah: Isaiah Chapter
King James Version: Isaiah Chapter
In those days was  sick unto death. And  the  the son of  came unto him, and said unto him, Thus saith the LORD, Set thine house in order: for thou shalt die, and not live.

 Then  turned his face toward the wall, and prayed unto the LORD,

 And said, Remember now, O LORD, I beseech thee, how I have walked before thee in truth and with a perfect heart, and have done that which is good in thy sight. And  wept sore.

 Then came the word of the LORD to , saying,

 Go, and say to , Thus saith the LORD, the God of  thy father, I have heard thy , I have seen thy tears: behold, I will add unto thy days fifteen years.

 And I will deliver thee and this city out of the hand of the  of : and I will defend this city.

 And this shall be a sign unto thee from the LORD, that the LORD will do this thing that he hath spoken;

 Behold, I will bring again the  of the degrees, which is gone down in the   of , ten degrees backward. So the  returned ten degrees, by which degrees it was gone down.

 The  of   of , when he had been sick, and was recovered of his sickness:

 I said in the  off of my days, I shall go to the gates of the : I am deprived of the residue of my years.

 I said, I shall not see the LORD, even the LORD, in the land of the living: I shall behold man no more with the inhabitants of the world.

 Mine age is departed, and is removed from me as a shepherd's : I have cut off like a weaver my life: he will cut me off with pining sickness: from day even to night wilt thou make an end of me.

 I reckoned till morning, that, as a lion, so will he break all my bones: from day even to night wilt thou make an end of me.

 Like a  or a , so did I chatter: I did  as a : mine eyes fail with looking upward: O LORD, I am oppressed; undertake for me.

 What shall I say? he hath both spoken unto me, and himself hath done it: I shall go softly all my years in the bitterness of my soul.

 O LORD, by these things men live, and in all these things is the life of my : so wilt thou recover me, and make me to live.

 Behold, for peace I had great bitterness: but thou hast in love to my soul delivered it from the  of corruption: for thou hast cast all my sins behind thy back.

 For the  cannot praise thee, death can not celebrate thee: they that go down into the  cannot hope for thy truth.

 The living, the living, he shall praise thee, as I do this day: the father to the children shall make known thy truth.

 The LORD was ready to save me: therefore we will sing my  to the stringed instruments all the days of our life in the house of the LORD.

 For  had said, Let them take a lump of figs, and lay it for a plaister upon the , and he shall recover.

  also had said, What is the sign that I shall go up to the house of the LORD?
