King James Version: Isaiah: Isaiah Chapter
King James Version: Isaiah Chapter
Arise, shine; for thy light is come, and the  of the LORD is risen upon thee.

 For, behold, the  shall cover the earth, and gross  the people: but the LORD shall arise upon thee, and his  shall be seen upon thee.

 And the  shall come to thy light, and kings to the brightness of thy rising.

 Lift up thine eyes round about, and see: all they gather themselves together, they come to thee: thy sons shall come from far, and thy daughters shall be nursed at thy side.

 Then thou shalt see, and flow together, and thine heart shall fear, and be enlarged; because the abundance of the sea shall be converted unto thee, the  of the  shall come unto thee.

 The multitude of camels shall cover thee, the dromedaries of  and ; all they from  shall come: they shall bring  and ; and they shall shew forth the praises of the LORD.

 All the flocks of  shall be gathered together unto thee, the rams of  shall  unto thee: they shall come up with acceptance on mine , and I will  the house of my .

 Who are these that  as a , and as the doves to their windows?

 Surely the isles shall wait for me, and the  of  first, to bring thy sons from far, their  and their  with them, unto the name of the LORD thy God, and to the Holy One of , because he hath glorified thee.

 And the sons of strangers shall build up thy walls, and their kings shall  unto thee: for in my wrath I smote thee, but in my favour have I had  on thee.

 Therefore thy gates shall be open continually; they shall not be shut day nor night; that men may bring unto thee the  of the , and that their kings may be brought.

 For the nation and kingdom that will not serve thee shall perish; yea, those nations shall be utterly wasted.

 The  of  shall come unto thee, the  tree, the pine tree, and the  together, to beautify the place of my ; and I will make the place of my feet glorious.

 The sons also of them that afflicted thee shall come bending unto thee; and all they that despised thee shall  themselves down at the soles of thy feet; and they shall call thee; The city of the LORD, The  of the Holy One of .

 Whereas thou has been forsaken and hated, so that no man went through thee, I will make thee an eternal excellency, a joy of many generations.

 Thou shalt also suck the  of the , and shalt suck the breast of kings: and thou shalt know that I the LORD am thy  and thy , the mighty One of .

 For  I will bring , and for  I will bring , and for  , and for stones : I will also make thy officers peace, and thine exactors .

 Violence shall no more be heard in thy land, wasting nor  within thy borders; but thou shalt call thy walls , and thy gates Praise.

 The  shall be no more thy light by day; neither for brightness shall the  give light unto thee: but the LORD shall be unto thee an  light, and thy God thy .

 Thy  shall no more go down; neither shall thy  withdraw itself: for the LORD shall be thine  light, and the days of thy mourning shall be ended.

 Thy people also shall be all righteous: they shall inherit the land for ever, the  of my planting, the work of my hands, that I may be glorified.

 A little one shall become a thousand, and a small one a strong nation: I the LORD will hasten it in his time.
