King James Version: Isaiah: Isaiah Chapter
King James Version: Isaiah Chapter
The  of , which  the son of  did see.

 Lift ye up a  upon the high mountain, exalt the voice unto them, shake the hand, that they may go into the gates of the nobles.

 I have commanded my sanctified ones, I have also called my mighty ones for mine , even them that rejoice in my highness.

 The noise of a multitude in the mountains, like as of a great people; a tumultuous noise of the kingdoms of nations gathered together: the LORD of hosts mustereth the  of the battle.

 They come from a far country, from the end of , even the LORD, and the weapons of his indignation, to destroy the whole land.

 Howl ye; for the day of the LORD is at hand; it shall come as a  from the Almighty.

 Therefore shall all hands be faint, and every man's heart shall melt:

 And they shall be afraid: pangs and sorrows shall take hold of them; they shall be in pain as a woman that travaileth: they shall be amazed one at another; their faces shall be as flames.

 Behold, the day of the LORD cometh, cruel both with wrath and fierce , to lay the land desolate: and he shall destroy the sinners thereof out of it.

 For the  of  and the constellations thereof shall not give their light: the  shall be darkened in his going forth, and the  shall not cause her light to shine.

 And I will punish the world for their evil, and the wicked for their iniquity; and I will cause the arrogancy of the proud to cease, and will lay low the haughtiness of the terrible.

 I will make a man more precious than fine ; even a man than the golden wedge of .

 Therefore I will shake the heavens, and the earth shall remove out of her place, in the wrath of the LORD of hosts, and in the day of his fierce .

 And it shall be as the chased , and as a  that no man taketh up: they shall every man turn to his own people, and flee every one into his own land.

 Every one that is found shall be thrust through; and every one that is joined unto them shall fall by the .

 Their children also shall be dashed to  before their eyes; their houses shall be spoiled, and their wives ravished.

 Behold, I will stir up the Medes against them, which shall not regard ; and as for , they shall not delight in it.

 Their bows also shall dash the young men to ; and they shall have no pity on the  of the womb; their eyes shall not spare children.

 And , the  of kingdoms, the beauty of the Chaldees' excellency, shall be as when God overthrew  and .

 It shall never be inhabited, neither shall it be dwelt in from  to : neither shall the Arabian   there; neither shall the shepherds make their  there.

 But wild beasts of the  shall lie there; and their houses shall be full of doleful creatures; and owls shall dwell there, and satyrs shall  there.

 And the wild beasts of the islands shall cry in their desolate houses, and dragons in their pleasant palaces: and her time is near to come, and her days shall not be prolonged.
