King James Version: Isaiah: Isaiah Chapter
King James Version: Isaiah Chapter
Hear ye this, O house of , which are called by the name of , and are come forth out of the waters of , which swear by the name of the LORD, and make mention of the God of , but not in truth, nor in .

 For they call themselves of the holy city, and stay themselves upon the God of ; The LORD of hosts is his name.

 I have declared the former things from the beginning; and they went forth out of my mouth, and I shewed them; I did them suddenly, and they came to pass.

 Because I knew that thou art obstinate, and thy  is an  sinew, and thy brow ;

 I have even from the beginning declared it to thee; before it came to pass I shewed it thee: lest thou shouldest say, Mine  hath done them, and my graven image, and my molten image, hath commanded them.

 Thou hast heard, see all this; and will not ye declare it? I have shewed thee new things from this time, even hidden things, and thou didst not know them.

 They are created now, and not from the beginning; even before the day when thou heardest them not; lest thou shouldest say, Behold, I knew them.

 Yea, thou heardest not; yea, thou knewest not; yea, from that time that thine  was not opened: for I knew that thou wouldest deal very treacherously, and wast called a transgressor from the womb.

 For my name's sake will I defer mine , and for my praise will I refrain for thee, that I cut thee not off.

 Behold, I have refined thee, but not with ; I have  thee in the  of affliction.

 For mine own sake, even for mine own sake, will I do it: for how should my name be polluted? and I will not give my  unto another.

 Hearken unto me, O  and , my called; I am he; I am the first, I also am the last.

 Mine hand also hath laid the foundation of the earth, and my right hand hath spanned the heavens: when I call unto them, they stand up together.

 All ye, assemble yourselves, and hear; which among them hath declared these things? The LORD hath loved him: he will do his pleasure on , and his arm shall be on the Chaldeans.

 I, even I, have spoken; yea, I have called him: I have brought him, and he shall make his way prosperous.

 Come ye near unto me, hear ye this; I have not spoken in secret from the beginning; from the time that it was, there am I: and now the Lord GOD, and his , hath sent me.

 Thus saith the LORD, thy , the Holy One of ; I am the LORD thy God which teacheth thee to profit, which leadeth thee by the way that thou shouldest go.

 O that thou hadst hearkened to my commandments! then had thy peace been as a river, and thy  as the waves of the sea:

 Thy seed also had been as the sand, and the offspring of thy  like the gravel thereof; his name should not have been cut off nor destroyed from before me.

 Go ye forth of , flee ye from the Chaldeans, with a voice of singing declare ye, tell this, utter it even to the end of the earth; say ye, The LORD hath redeemed his servant .

 And they thirsted not when he led them through the deserts: he caused the waters to flow out of the  for them: he clave the  also, and the waters gushed out.

 There is no peace, saith the LORD, unto the wicked.
