King James Version: Isaiah: Isaiah Chapter
King James Version: Isaiah Chapter
Moreover the LORD said unto me, Take thee a great , and write in it with a man's pen concerning Mahershalalhashbaz.

 And I took unto me  witnesses to record,  the , and  the son of Jeberechiah.

 And I went unto the prophetess; and she conceived, and bare a son. Then said the LORD to me, Call his name Mahershalalhashbaz.

 For before the child shall have knowledge to cry, My father, and my mother, the riches of  and the spoil of  shall be taken away before the  of .

 The LORD spake also unto me again, saying,

 Forasmuch as this people refuseth the waters of Shiloah that go softly, and rejoice in  and Remaliah's son;

 Now therefore, behold, the Lord bringeth up upon them the waters of the river, strong and many, even the  of , and all his : and he shall come up over all his channels, and go over all his banks:

 And he shall pass through ; he shall overflow and go over, he shall reach even to the ; and the stretching out of his wings shall fill the breadth of thy land, O .

 Associate yourselves, O ye people, and ye shall be broken in ; and give , all ye of far countries: gird yourselves, and ye shall be broken in ; gird yourselves, and ye shall be broken in .

 Take counsel together, and it shall come to nought; speak the word, and it shall not stand: for God is with us.

 For the LORD spake thus to me with a strong hand, and instructed me that I should not walk in the way of this people, saying,

 Say ye not, A confederacy, to all them to whom this people shall say, A confederacy; neither fear ye their fear, nor be afraid.

 Sanctify the LORD of hosts himself; and let him be your fear, and let him be your dread.

 And he shall be for a ; but for a  of stumbling and for a  of offence to both the houses of , for a  and for a  to the inhabitants of .

 And many among them shall stumble, and fall, and be broken, and be snared, and be taken.

 Bind up the ,  the law among my disciples.

 And I will wait upon the LORD, that hideth his face from the house of , and I will look for him.

 Behold, I and the children whom the LORD hath given me are for signs and for wonders in  from the LORD of hosts, which dwelleth in  .

 And when they shall say unto you, Seek unto them that have familiar spirits, and unto wizards that peep, and that mutter: should not a people seek unto their God? for the living to the dead?

 To the law and to the : if they speak not according to this word, it is because there is no light in them.

 And they shall pass through it, hardly  and hungry: and it shall come to pass, that when they shall be hungry, they shall fret themselves, and  their  and their God, and look upward.

 And they shall look unto the earth; and behold trouble and , dimness of anguish; and they shall be driven to .
