King James Version: Isaiah: Isaiah Chapter
King James Version: Isaiah Chapter
Hearken to me, ye that follow after , ye that seek the LORD: look unto the  whence ye are hewn, and to the hole of the  whence ye are digged.

 Look unto  your father, and unto  that bare you: for I called him alone, and blessed him, and increased him.

 For the LORD shall comfort : he will comfort all her waste places; and he will make her  like , and her  like the garden of the LORD; joy and gladness shall be found therein, thanksgiving, and the voice of melody.

 Hearken unto me, my people; and give  unto me, O my nation: for a law shall proceed from me, and I will make my judgment to rest for a light of the people.

 My  is near; my  is gone forth, and mine arms shall  the people; the isles shall wait upon me, and on mine arm shall they trust.

 Lift up your eyes to the heavens, and look upon the earth beneath: for the heavens shall vanish away like smoke, and the earth shall  old like a garment, and they that dwell therein shall die in like manner: but my  shall be for ever, and my  shall not be abolished.

 Hearken unto me, ye that know , the people in whose heart is my law; fear ye not the reproach of men, neither be ye afraid of their revilings.

 For the  shall eat them up like a garment, and the  shall eat them like : but my  shall be for ever, and my  from  to .

 Awake, awake, put on strength, O arm of the LORD; awake, as in the ancient days, in the generations of old. Art thou not it that hath cut , and wounded the ?

 Art thou not it which hath dried the sea, the waters of the great ; that hath made the depths of the sea a way for the ransomed to pass over?

 Therefore the redeemed of the LORD shall return, and come with singing unto ; and  joy shall be upon their head: they shall obtain gladness and joy; and sorrow and mourning shall flee away.

 I, even I, am he that comforteth you: who art thou, that thou shouldest be afraid of a man that shall die, and of the son of man which shall be made as ;

 And forgettest the LORD thy maker, that hath stretched forth the heavens, and laid the foundations of the earth; and hast feared continually every day because of the  of the oppressor, as if he were ready to destroy? and where is the  of the oppressor?

 The   hasteneth that he may be loosed, and that he should not die in the , nor that his  should fail.

 But I am the LORD thy God, that divided the sea, whose waves roared: The LORD of hosts is his name.

 And I have put my words in thy mouth, and I have covered thee in the  of mine hand, that I may plant the heavens, and lay the foundations of the earth, and say unto , Thou art my people.

 Awake, awake, stand up, O , which hast  at the hand of the LORD the  of his ; thou hast drunken the  of the  of trembling, and wrung them out.

 There is none to guide her among all the sons whom she hath brought forth; neither is there any that taketh her by the hand of all the sons that she hath brought up.

 These two things are come unto thee; who shall be sorry for thee?  desolation, and , and the , and the : by whom shall I comfort thee?

 Thy sons have fainted, they lie at the head of all the streets, as a wild bull in a : they are full of the  of the LORD, the rebuke of thy God.

 Therefore hear now this, thou afflicted, and drunken, but not with :

 Thus saith thy Lord the LORD, and thy God that pleadeth the cause of his people, Behold, I have taken out of thine hand the  of trembling, even the  of the  of my ; thou shalt no more  it again:

 But I will put it into the hand of them that afflict thee; which have said to thy soul,  down, that we may go over: and thou hast laid thy body as the ground, and as the street, to them that went over.
