King James Version: Isaiah: Isaiah Chapter
King James Version: Isaiah Chapter
The  of . Howl, ye  of ; for it is laid waste, so that there is no house, no entering in: from the land of  it is revealed to them.

 Be still, ye inhabitants of the isle; thou whom the merchants of , that pass over the sea, have replenished.

 And by great waters the seed of , the  of the river, is her revenue; and she is a mart of nations.

 Be thou ashamed, O : for the sea hath spoken, even the strength of the sea, saying, I travail not, nor bring forth children, neither do I nourish up young men, nor bring up virgins.

 As at the report concerning , so shall they be sorely pained at the report of .

 Pass ye over to ; howl, ye inhabitants of the isle.

 Is this your joyous city, whose antiquity is of ancient days? her own feet shall carry her afar off to sojourn.

 Who hath taken this counsel against , the crowning city, whose merchants are princes, whose traffickers are the honourable of the earth?

 The LORD of hosts hath purposed it, to stain the pride of all , and to bring into contempt all the honourable of the earth.

 Pass through thy land as a river, O daughter of : there is no more strength.

 He stretched out his hand over the sea, he shook the kingdoms: the LORD hath given a commandment against the  city, to destroy the strong holds thereof.

 And he said, Thou shalt no more rejoice, O thou oppressed , daughter of : arise, pass over to ; there also shalt thou have no rest.

 Behold the land of the Chaldeans; this people was not, till the Assyrian founded it for them that dwell in the : they set up the  thereof, they raised up the palaces thereof; and he brought it to ruin.

 Howl, ye  of : for your strength is laid waste.

 And it shall come to pass in that day, that  shall be forgotten seventy years, according to the days of one : after the end of seventy years shall  sing as an .

 Take an , go about the city, thou  that hast been forgotten; make sweet melody, sing many , that thou mayest be remembered.

 And it shall come to pass after the end of seventy years, that the LORD will visit , and she shall turn to her hire, and shall commit  with all the kingdoms of the world upon the face of the earth.

 And her merchandise and her hire shall be  to the LORD: it shall not be treasured nor laid up; for her merchandise shall be for them that dwell before the LORD, to eat sufficiently, and for durable clothing.
