King James Version: Isaiah: Isaiah Chapter
King James Version: Isaiah Chapter
And there shall come forth a rod out of the stem of , and a  shall grow out of his roots:

 And the  of the LORD shall rest upon him, the  of wisdom and understanding, the  of counsel and might, the  of knowledge and of the fear of the LORD;

 And shall make him of quick understanding in the fear of the LORD: and he shall not  after the sight of his eyes, neither reprove after the hearing of his ears:

 But with  shall he  the , and reprove with equity for the meek of the earth: and he shall smite the earth: with the rod of his mouth, and with the breath of his lips shall he slay the wicked.

 And  shall be the  of his loins, and faithfulness the  of his .

 The  also shall dwell with the , and the  shall lie down with the kid; and the  and the young lion and the  together; and a little child shall lead them.

 And the  and the bear shall feed; their young ones shall lie down together: and the lion shall eat  like the .

 And the sucking child shall play on the hole of the , and the weaned child shall put his hand on the cockatrice' .

 They shall not hurt nor destroy in all my holy mountain: for the earth shall be full of the knowledge of the LORD, as the waters cover the sea.

 And in that day there shall be a root of , which shall stand for an  of the people; to it shall the  seek: and his rest shall be glorious.

 And it shall come to pass in that day, that the Lord shall set his hand again the second time to recover the remnant of his people, which shall be left, from , and from , and from , and from , and from , and from Shinar, and from , and from the islands of the sea.

 And he shall set up an  for the nations, and shall assemble the outcasts of , and gather together the dispersed of  from the four corners of the earth.

 The envy also of  shall depart, and the adversaries of  shall be cut off:  shall not envy , and  shall not vex .

 But they shall  upon the shoulders of the  toward the west; they shall spoil them of the  together: they shall lay their hand upon  and ; and the children of  shall obey them.

 And the LORD shall utterly destroy the tongue of the Egyptian sea; and with his mighty wind shall he shake his hand over the river, and shall smite it in the  streams, and make men go over dryshod.

 And there shall be an  for the remnant of his people, which shall be left, from ; like as it was to  in the day that he came up out of the land of .
