King James Version: Isaiah: Isaiah Chapter
King James Version: Isaiah Chapter
Woe to the  of pride, to the drunkards of , whose glorious beauty is a fading flower, which are on the head of the  valleys of them that are overcome with !

 Behold, the Lord hath a mighty and strong one, which as a tempest of  and a destroying storm, as a  of mighty waters overflowing, shall cast down to the earth with the hand.

 The  of pride, the drunkards of , shall be trodden under feet:

 And the glorious beauty, which is on the head of the  , shall be a fading flower, and as the hasty  before the summer; which when he that looketh upon it seeth, while it is yet in his hand he eateth it up.

 In that day shall the LORD of hosts be for a  of , and for a  of beauty, unto the residue of his people,

 And for a  of judgment to him that sitteth in judgment, and for strength to them that turn the battle to the .

 But they also have erred through , and through strong  are out of the way; the  and the  have erred through strong , they are swallowed up of , they are out of the way through strong ; they err in , they stumble in judgment.

 For all  are full of vomit and filthiness, so that there is no place .

 Whom shall he teach knowledge? and whom shall he make to understand doctrine? them that are weaned from the , and drawn from the breasts.

 For precept must be upon precept, precept upon precept; line upon line, line upon line; here a little, and there a little:

 For with stammering lips and another tongue will he speak to this people.

 To whom he said, This is the rest wherewith ye may cause the weary to rest; and this is the refreshing: yet they would not hear.

 But the word of the LORD was unto them precept upon precept, precept upon precept; line upon line, line upon line; here a little, and there a little; that they might go, and fall backward, and be broken, and snared, and taken.

 Wherefore hear the word of the LORD, ye scornful men, that rule this people which is in .

 Because ye have said, We have made a  with death, and with  are we at agreement; when the overflowing scourge shall pass through, it shall not come unto us: for we have made lies our refuge, and under falsehood have we hid ourselves:

 Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD, Behold, I lay in  for a foundation a , a tried , a precious corner , a sure foundation: he that believeth shall not make haste.

 Judgment also will I lay to the line, and  to the plummet: and the  shall sweep away the refuge of lies, and the waters shall overflow the hiding place.

 And your  with death shall be disannulled, and your agreement with  shall not stand; when the overflowing scourge shall pass through, then ye shall be trodden down by it.

 From the time that it goeth forth it shall take you: for morning by morning shall it pass over, by day and by night: and it shall be a vexation only to understand the report.

 For the bed is shorter than that a man can stretch himself on it: and the covering narrower than that he can wrap himself in it.

 For the LORD shall rise up as in  Perazim, he shall be wroth as in the  of , that he may do his work, his strange work; and bring to pass his act, his strange act.

 Now therefore be ye not mockers, lest your  be made strong: for I have heard from the Lord GOD of hosts a consumption, even determined upon the whole earth.

 Give ye , and hear my voice; hearken, and hear my speech.

 Doth the plowman plow all day to sow? doth he open and break the clods of his ground?

 When he hath made  the face thereof, doth he not cast abroad the , and scatter the , and cast in the principal  and the appointed  and the rie in their place?

 For his God doth instruct him to discretion, and doth teach him.

 For the  are not threshed with a  instrument, neither is a   turned about upon the ; but the  are beaten out with a staff, and the  with a rod.

   is bruised; because he will not ever be  it, nor break it with the  of his , nor bruise it with his horsemen.

 This also cometh forth from the LORD of hosts, which is wonderful in counsel, and excellent in working.
