King James Version: Isaiah: Isaiah Chapter
King James Version: Isaiah Chapter
Who is this that cometh from , with dyed garments from ?  this that is glorious in his , travelling in the greatness of his strength? I that speak in , mighty to save.

 Wherefore art thou red in thine , and thy garments like him that treadeth in the ?

 I have trodden the winepress alone; and of the people there was none with me: for I will tread them in mine , and trample them in my ; and their  shall be sprinkled upon my garments, and I will stain all my raiment.

 For the day of vengeance is in mine heart, and the year of my redeemed is come.

 And I looked, and there was none to help; and I wondered that there was none to uphold: therefore mine own arm brought  unto me; and my , it upheld me.

 And I will tread down the people in mine , and make them  in my , and I will bring down their strength to the earth.

 I will mention the lovingkindnesses of the LORD, and the praises of the LORD, according to all that the LORD hath bestowed on us, and the great  toward the house of , which he hath bestowed on them according to his mercies, and according to the multitude of his lovingkindnesses.

 For he said, Surely they are my people, children that will not lie: so he was their .

 In all their affliction he was afflicted, and the  of his presence saved them: in his love and in his pity he redeemed them; and he bare them, and carried them all the days of old.

 But they rebelled, and vexed his holy : therefore he was turned to be their enemy, and he fought against them.

 Then he remembered the days of old, , and his people, saying, Where is he that brought them up out of the sea with the  of his flock? where is he that put his holy  within him?

 That led them by the right hand of  with his glorious arm, dividing the water before them, to make himself an  name?

 That led them through the , as an horse in the , that they should not stumble?

 As a  goeth down into the , the  of the LORD caused him to rest: so didst thou lead thy people, to make thyself a glorious name.

 Look down from , and behold from the  of thy  and of thy : where is thy  and thy strength, the sounding of thy  and of thy mercies toward me? are they restrained?

 Doubtless thou art our father, though  be ignorant of us, and  acknowledge us not: thou, O LORD, art our father, our ; thy name is from .

 O LORD, why hast thou made us to err from thy ways, and hardened our heart from thy fear? Return for thy servants' sake, the tribes of thine inheritance.

 The people of thy  have possessed it but a little while: our adversaries have trodden down thy .

 We are thine: thou never barest rule over them; they were not called by thy name.
