King James Version: Isaiah: Isaiah Chapter
King James Version: Isaiah Chapter
Send ye the  to the ruler of the land from  to the , unto the  of the daughter of .

 For it shall be, that, as a   cast out of the nest, so the daughters of  shall be at the fords of .

 Take counsel, execute judgment; make thy  as the night in the midst of the noonday; hide the outcasts;  not him that wandereth.

 Let mine outcasts dwell with thee, ; be thou a covert to them from the face of the spoiler: for the extortioner is at an end, the spoiler ceaseth, the oppressors are consumed out of the land.

 And in  shall the  be established: and he shall sit upon it in truth in the  of , judging, and seeking judgment, and hasting .

 We have heard of the pride of ; he is very proud: even of his haughtiness, and his pride, and his wrath: but his lies shall not be so.

 Therefore shall  howl for , every one shall howl: for the foundations of Kirhareseth shall ye ; surely they are stricken.

 For the fields of  languish, and the  of : the lords of the  have broken down the principal plants thereof, they are come even unto Jazer, they wandered through the : her branches are stretched out, they are gone over the sea.

 Therefore I will bewail with the weeping of Jazer the  of : I will water thee with my tears, O , and : for the shouting for thy summer fruits and for thy  is fallen.

 And gladness is taken away, and joy out of the plentiful field; and in the vineyards there shall be no singing, neither shall there be shouting: the treaders shall tread out no  in their presses; I have made their vintage shouting to cease.

 Wherefore my  shall sound like an  for , and mine inward parts for Kirharesh.

 And it shall come to pass, when it is seen that  is weary on the high place, that he shall come to his  to pray; but he shall not prevail.

 This is the word that the LORD hath spoken concerning  since that time.

 But now the LORD hath spoken, saying, Within three years, as the years of an , and the  of  shall be contemned, with all that great multitude; and the remnant shall be very small and feeble.
