King James Version: Isaiah: Isaiah Chapter
King James Version: Isaiah Chapter
Come near, ye nations, to hear; and hearken, ye people: let the earth hear, and all that is therein; the world, and all things that come forth of it.

 For the indignation of the LORD is upon all nations, and his  upon all their armies: he hath utterly destroyed them, he hath delivered them to the slaughter.

 Their slain also shall be cast out, and their stink shall come up out of their carcases, and the mountains shall be melted with their .

 And all the  of  shall be dissolved, and the heavens shall be rolled together as a scroll: and all their  shall fall down, as the  falleth off from the , and as a falling  from the  tree.

 For my  shall be bathed in : behold, it shall come down upon Idumea, and upon the people of my , to judgment.

 The  of the LORD is filled with , it is made  with fatness, and with the  of lambs and goats, with the  of the kidneys of rams: for the LORD hath a  in , and a great slaughter in the land of Idumea.

 And the unicorns shall come down with them, and the bullocks with the bulls; and their land shall be soaked with , and their  made  with fatness.

 For it is the day of the LORD's vengeance, and the year of recompences for the controversy of .

 And the streams thereof shall be turned into , and the  thereof into , and the land thereof shall become burning .

 It shall not be quenched night nor day; the smoke thereof shall go up for ever: from  to  it shall lie waste; none shall pass through it for ever and ever.

 But the  and the  shall possess it; the  also and the  shall dwell in it: and he shall stretch out upon it the line of confusion, and the stones of emptiness.

 They shall call the nobles thereof to the kingdom, but none shall be there, and all her princes shall be nothing.

 And thorns shall come up in her palaces, nettles and brambles in the fortresses thereof: and it shall be an  of dragons, and a court for owls.

 The wild beasts of the  shall also meet with the wild beasts of the , and the  shall cry to his fellow; the screech  also shall rest there, and find for herself a place of rest.

 There shall the great  make her nest, and lay, and hatch, and gather under her : there shall the vultures also be gathered, every one with her mate.

 Seek ye out of the book of the LORD, and read: no one of these shall fail, none shall want her mate: for my mouth it hath commanded, and his  it hath gathered them.

 And he hath cast the lot for them, and his hand hath divided it unto them by line: they shall possess it for ever, from  to  shall they dwell therein.
