King James Version: Isaiah: Isaiah Chapter
King James Version: Isaiah Chapter
For, behold, the Lord, the LORD of hosts, doth take away from  and from  the stay and the staff, the whole stay of , and the whole stay of water.

 The mighty man, and the man of war, the , and the , and the prudent, and the ancient,

 The captain of fifty, and the honourable man, and the , and the cunning , and the eloquent orator.

 And I will give children to be their princes, and babes shall rule over them.

 And the people shall be oppressed, every one by another, and every one by his neighbour: the child shall behave himself proudly against the ancient, and the base against the honourable.

 When a man shall take hold of his brother of the house of his father, saying, Thou hast clothing, be thou our ruler, and let this ruin be under thy hand:

 In that day shall he swear, saying, I will not be an healer; for in my house is neither  nor clothing: make me not a ruler of the people.

 For  is ruined, and  is fallen: because their tongue and their doings are against the LORD, to provoke the eyes of his .

 The shew of their countenance doth  against them; and they declare their  as , they hide it not. Woe unto their soul! for they have rewarded evil unto themselves.

 Say ye to the righteous, that it shall be well with him: for they shall eat the  of their doings.

 Woe unto the wicked! it shall be ill with him: for the reward of his hands shall be given him.

 As for my people, children are their oppressors, and women rule over them. O my people, they which lead thee cause thee to err, and destroy the way of thy paths.

 The LORD standeth up to plead, and standeth to  the people.

 The LORD will enter into judgment with the ancients of his people, and the princes thereof: for ye have eaten up the vineyard; the spoil of the  is in your houses.

 What mean ye that ye beat my people to , and  the faces of the ? saith the Lord GOD of hosts.

 Moreover the LORD saith, Because the daughters of  are haughty, and walk with stretched forth necks and wanton eyes, walking and  as they go, and making a tinkling with their feet:

 Therefore the LORD will smite with a scab the  of the head of the daughters of , and the LORD will discover their secret parts.

 In that day the Lord will take away the  of their tinkling ornaments about their feet, and their , and their round  like the ,

 The chains, and the bracelets, and the ,

 The bonnets, and the ornaments of the legs, and the headbands, and the tablets, and the ,

 The rings, and nose jewels,

 The changeable suits of , and the mantles, and the wimples, and the crisping pins,

 The glasses, and the fine , and the hoods, and the vails.

 And it shall come to pass, that instead of sweet smell there shall be stink; and instead of a  a ; and instead of well set hair ; and instead of a  a girding of ; and burning instead of beauty.

 Thy men shall fall by the , and thy mighty in the war.

 And her gates shall lament and ; and she being desolate shall sit upon the ground.
