King James Version: Isaiah: Isaiah Chapter
King James Version: Isaiah Chapter
And it came to pass in the days of  the son of , the son of ,  of , that  the  of , and  the son of ,  of , went up toward  to war against it, but could not prevail against it.

 And it was told the house of , saying,  is confederate with . And his heart was moved, and the heart of his people, as the trees of the  are moved with the wind.

 Then said the LORD unto , Go forth now to meet , thou, and Shearjashub thy son, at the end of the  of the upper pool in the  of the fuller's field;

 And say unto him, Take heed, and be quiet; fear not, neither be fainthearted for the two tails of these smoking firebrands, for the fierce  of  with , and of the son of .

 Because , , and the son of , have taken evil counsel against thee, saying,

 Let us go up against , and vex it, and let us make a  therein for us, and set a  in the midst of it, even the son of :

 Thus saith the Lord GOD, It shall not stand, neither shall it come to pass.

 For the head of  is , and the head of  is ; and within threescore and five years shall  be broken, that it be not a people.

 And the head of  is , and the head of  is Remaliah's son. If ye will not believe, surely ye shall not be established.

 Moreover the LORD spake again unto , saying,

 Ask thee a sign of the LORD thy God; ask it either in the depth, or in the height above.

 But  said, I will not ask, neither will I tempt the LORD.

 And he said, Hear ye now, O house of ; Is it a small thing for you to weary men, but will ye weary my God also?

 Therefore the Lord himself shall give you a sign; Behold, a  shall conceive, and bear a son, and shall call his name .

  and  shall he eat, that he may know to refuse the evil, and choose the good.

 For before the child shall know to refuse the evil, and choose the good, the land that thou abhorrest shall be forsaken of both her kings.

 The LORD shall bring upon thee, and upon thy people, and upon thy father's house, days that have not come, from the day that  departed from ; even the  of .

 And it shall come to pass in that day, that the LORD shall  for the  that is in the uttermost part of the rivers of , and for the  that is in the land of .

 And they shall come, and shall rest all of them in the desolate valleys, and in the holes of the rocks, and upon all thorns, and upon all bushes.

 In the same day shall the Lord shave with a  that is hired, namely, by them beyond the river, by the  of , the head, and the hair of the feet: and it shall also consume the .

 And it shall come to pass in that day, that a man shall nourish a young , and two ;

 And it shall come to pass, for the abundance of  that they shall give he shall eat : for  and  shall every one eat that is left in the land.

 And it shall come to pass in that day, that every place shall be, where there were a thousand vines at a thousand silverlings, it shall even be for briers and thorns.

 With  and with bows shall men come thither; because all the land shall become briers and thorns.

 And on all hills that shall be digged with the , there shall not come thither the fear of briers and thorns: but it shall be for the sending forth of oxen, and for the treading of lesser .
