King James Version: Isaiah: Isaiah Chapter
King James Version: Isaiah Chapter
Behold, a  shall reign in , and princes shall rule in judgment.

 And a man shall be as an hiding place from the wind, and a covert from the tempest; as rivers of water in a dry place, as the  of a great  in a weary land.

 And the eyes of them that see shall not be dim, and the ears of them that hear shall hearken.

 The heart also of the rash shall understand knowledge, and the tongue of the stammerers shall be ready to speak plainly.

 The vile person shall be no more called liberal, nor the  said to be bountiful.

 For the vile person will speak villany, and his heart will work iniquity, to practise hypocrisy, and to utter error against the LORD, to make empty the soul of the hungry, and he will cause the  of the thirsty to fail.

 The instruments also of the  are evil: he deviseth wicked devices to destroy the  with lying words, even when the needy speaketh right.

 But the liberal deviseth liberal things; and by liberal things shall he stand.

 Rise up, ye women that are at ease; hear my voice, ye careless daughters; give  unto my speech.

 Many days and years shall ye be troubled, ye careless women: for the vintage shall fail, the gathering shall not come.

 Tremble, ye women that are at ease; be troubled, ye careless ones: strip you, and make you bare, and gird  upon your loins.

 They shall lament for the teats, for the pleasant fields, for the fruitful .

 Upon the land of my people shall come up thorns and briers; yea, upon all the houses of joy in the joyous city:

 Because the palaces shall be forsaken; the multitude of the city shall be left; the forts and  shall be for dens for ever, a joy of wild asses, a pasture of flocks;

 Until the  be poured upon us from on high, and the  be a fruitful field, and the fruitful field be counted for a .

 Then judgment shall dwell in the , and  remain in the fruitful field.

 And the work of  shall be peace; and the effect of  quietness and  for ever.

 And my people shall dwell in a peaceable , and in sure , and in quiet resting places;

 When it shall , coming down on the ; and the city shall be low in a low place.

 Blessed are ye that sow beside all waters, that send forth thither the feet of the  and the .
