King James Version: Isaiah: Isaiah Chapter
King James Version: Isaiah Chapter
The  of . Behold,  is taken away from being a city, and it shall be a ruinous .

 The cities of  are forsaken: they shall be for flocks, which shall lie down, and none shall make them afraid.

 The fortress also shall cease from , and the kingdom from , and the remnant of : they shall be as the  of the children of , saith the LORD of hosts.

 And in that day it shall come to pass, that the  of  shall be made thin, and the fatness of his  shall  lean.

 And it shall be as when the harvestman gathereth the , and reapeth the ears with his arm; and it shall be as he that gathereth ears in the  of .

 Yet gleaning grapes shall be left in it, as the shaking of an  tree, two or three berries in the top of the uppermost bough, four or five in the outmost fruitful branches thereof, saith the LORD God of .

 At that day shall a man look to his Maker, and his eyes shall have respect to the Holy One of .

 And he shall not look to the altars, the work of his hands, neither shall respect that which his fingers have made, either the groves, or the images.

 In that day shall his strong cities be as a forsaken bough, and an uppermost , which they left because of the children of : and there shall be desolation.

 Because thou hast forgotten the God of thy , and hast not been mindful of the  of thy strength, therefore shalt thou plant pleasant plants, and shalt set it with strange slips:

 In the day shalt thou make thy plant to grow, and in the morning shalt thou make thy seed to flourish: but the  shall be a  in the day of grief and of desperate sorrow.

 Woe to the multitude of many people, which make a noise like the noise of the seas; and to the rushing of nations, that make a rushing like the rushing of mighty waters!

 The nations shall  like the rushing of many waters: but God shall rebuke them, and they shall flee far off, and shall be chased as the  of the mountains before the wind, and like a rolling thing before the whirlwind.

 And behold at eveningtide trouble; and before the morning he is not. This is the portion of them that spoil us, and the lot of them that rob us.
