King James Version: Isaiah: Isaiah Chapter
King James Version: Isaiah Chapter
Thus saith the LORD, The  is my , and the earth is my : where is the house that ye build unto me? and where is the place of my rest?

 For all those things hath mine hand made, and all those things have been, saith the LORD: but to this man will I look, even to him that is  and of a contrite , and trembleth at my word.

 He that killeth an  is as if he slew a man; he that sacrificeth a , as if he cut off a dog's ; he that offereth an oblation, as if he offered swine's ; he that burneth , as if he blessed an . Yea, they have  their own ways, and their soul delighteth in their abominations.

 I also will choose their delusions, and will bring their fears upon them; because when I called, none did answer; when I spake, they did not hear: but they did evil before mine eyes, and chose that in which I delighted not.

 Hear the word of the LORD, ye that tremble at his word; Your brethren that hated you, that cast you out for my name's sake, said, Let the LORD be glorified: but he shall appear to your joy, and they shall be ashamed.

 A voice of noise from the city, a voice from the , a voice of the LORD that rendereth recompence to his enemies.

 Before she travailed, she brought forth; before her pain came, she was delivered of a man child.

 Who hath heard such a thing? who hath seen such things? Shall the earth be made to bring forth in one day? or shall a nation be born at once?  for as soon as  travailed, she brought forth her children.

 Shall I bring to the , and not cause to bring forth? saith the LORD: shall I cause to bring forth, and shut the womb? saith thy God.

 Rejoice ye with , and be glad with her, all ye that love her: rejoice for joy with her, all ye that  for her:

 That ye may suck, and be satisfied with the breasts of her consolations; that ye may  out, and be delighted with the abundance of her .

 For thus saith the LORD, Behold, I will extend peace to her like a river, and the  of the  like a flowing stream: then shall ye suck, ye shall be borne upon her sides, and be dandled upon her knees.

 As one whom his mother comforteth, so will I comfort you; and ye shall be comforted in .

 And when ye see this, your heart shall rejoice, and your bones shall flourish like an : and the hand of the LORD shall be known toward his servants, and his indignation toward his enemies.

 For, behold, the LORD will come with fire, and with his chariots like a whirlwind, to render his  with , and his rebuke with flames of fire.

 For by fire and by his  will the LORD plead with all : and the slain of the LORD shall be many.

 They that sanctify themselves, and purify themselves in the  behind one tree in the midst,  swine's , and the , and the , shall be consumed together, saith the LORD.

 For I know their works and their thoughts: it shall come, that I will gather all nations and tongues; and they shall come, and see my .

 And I will set a sign among them, and I will send those that escape of them unto the nations, to , , and , that draw the , to , and , to the isles afar off, that have not heard my fame, neither have seen my ; and they shall declare my  among the .

 And they shall bring all your brethren for an  unto the LORD out of all nations upon horses, and in chariots, and in litters, and upon mules, and upon swift beasts, to my holy mountain , saith the LORD, as the children of  bring an  in a  vessel into the house of the LORD.

 And I will also take of them for priests and for Levites, saith the LORD.

 For as the new heavens and the new earth, which I will make, shall remain before me, saith the LORD, so shall your seed and your name remain.

 And it shall come to pass, that from one new  to another, and from one  to another, shall all  come to  before me, saith the LORD.

 And they shall go forth, and look upon the carcases of the men that have transgressed against me: for their  shall not die, neither shall their fire be quenched; and they shall be an abhorring unto all .
