King James Version: Isaiah: Isaiah Chapter
King James Version: Isaiah Chapter
The  of  the son of , which he saw concerning  and  in the days of , , , and , kings of .

 Hear, O heavens, and give , O earth: for the LORD hath spoken, I have nourished and brought up children, and they have rebelled against me.

 The  knoweth his owner, and the  his master's crib: but  doth not know, my people doth not consider.

 Ah sinful nation, a people laden with iniquity, a seed of evildoers, children that are corrupters: they have forsaken the LORD, they have provoked the Holy One of  unto , they are gone away backward.

 Why should ye be stricken any more? ye will revolt more and more: the whole head is sick, and the whole heart faint.

 From the sole of the foot even unto the head there is no soundness in it; but wounds, and bruises, and putrifying sores: they have not been closed, neither bound up, neither mollified with .

 Your country is desolate, your cities are burned with fire: your land, strangers devour it in your presence, and it is desolate, as overthrown by strangers.

 And the daughter of  is left as a  in a vineyard, as a  in a garden of , as a besieged city.

 Except the LORD of hosts had left unto us a very small remnant, we should have been as , and we should have been like unto .

 Hear the word of the LORD, ye rulers of ; give  unto the law of our God, ye people of .

 To what purpose is the multitude of your sacrifices unto me? saith the LORD: I am full of the burnt offerings of rams, and the  of fed beasts; and I delight not in the  of bullocks, or of lambs, or of he goats.

 When ye come to appear before me, who hath required this at your hand, to tread my courts?

 Bring no more vain oblations;  is an  unto me; the new moons and sabbaths, the  of assemblies, I cannot away with; it is iniquity, even the solemn meeting.

 Your new moons and your appointed feasts my soul hateth: they are a trouble unto me; I am weary to bear them.

 And when ye spread forth your hands, I will hide mine eyes from you: yea, when ye make many prayers, I will not hear: your hands are full of .

 Wash you, make you ; put away the evil of your doings from before mine eyes; cease to do evil;

 Learn to do well; seek judgment, relieve the oppressed,  the fatherless, plead for the widow.

 Come now, and let us reason together, saith the LORD: though your sins be as , they shall be as white as ; though they be red like , they shall be as .

 If ye be willing and obedient, ye shall eat the good of the land:

 But if ye refuse and rebel, ye shall be devoured with the : for the mouth of the LORD hath spoken it.

 How is the  city become an ! it was full of judgment;  lodged in it; but now murderers.

 Thy  is become , thy  mixed with water:

 Thy princes are rebellious, and companions of thieves: every one loveth gifts, and followeth after rewards: they  not the fatherless, neither doth the cause of the widow come unto them.

 Therefore saith the LORD, the LORD of hosts, the mighty One of , Ah, I will ease me of mine adversaries, and avenge me of mine enemies:

 And I will turn my hand upon thee, and purely purge away thy , and take away all thy :

 And I will restore thy judges as at the first, and thy counsellors as at the beginning: afterward thou shalt be called, The city of , the  city.

  shall be redeemed with judgment, and her converts with .

 And the  of the transgressors and of the sinners shall be together, and they that forsake the LORD shall be consumed.

 For they shall be ashamed of the oaks which ye have desired, and ye shall be confounded for the  that ye have .

 For ye shall be as an  whose  fadeth, and as a garden that hath no water.

 And the strong shall be as , and the maker of it as a spark, and they shall both burn together, and none shall quench them.
