King James Version: Isaiah: Isaiah Chapter
King James Version: Isaiah Chapter
The  of the  of the sea. As whirlwinds in the south pass through; so it cometh from the , from a terrible land.

 A grievous  is declared unto me; the treacherous dealer dealeth treacherously, and the spoiler spoileth. Go up, O : besiege, O ; all the sighing thereof have I made to cease.

 Therefore are my loins filled with pain: pangs have taken hold upon me, as the pangs of a woman that travaileth: I was bowed down at the hearing of it; I was dismayed at the seeing of it.

 My heart panted, fearfulness affrighted me: the night of my pleasure hath he turned into fear unto me.

 Prepare the table, watch in the watchtower, eat, : arise, ye princes, and  the .

 For thus hath the LORD said unto me, Go, set a watchman, let him declare what he seeth.

 And he saw a  with a couple of horsemen, a  of asses, and a  of camels; and he hearkened diligently with much heed:

 And he cried, A lion: My lord, I stand continually upon the watchtower in the daytime, and I am set in my  whole nights:

 And, behold, here cometh a  of men, with a couple of horsemen. And he answered and said,  is fallen, is fallen; and all the graven images of her gods he hath broken unto the ground.

 O my , and the  of my floor: that which I have heard of the LORD of hosts, the God of , have I declared unto you.

 The  of . He calleth to me out of , Watchman, what of the night? Watchman, what of the night?

 The watchman said, The morning cometh, and also the night: if ye will enquire, enquire ye: return, come.

 The  upon . In the  in  shall ye , O ye travelling companies of .

 The inhabitants of the land of  brought water to him that was thirsty, they prevented with their  him that fled.

 For they fled from the swords, from the drawn , and from the bent , and from the grievousness of war.

 For thus hath the LORD said unto me, Within a year, according to the years of an , and all the  of  shall fail:

 And the residue of the number of archers, the mighty men of the children of , shall be diminished: for the LORD God of  hath spoken it.
