King James Version: Isaiah: Isaiah Chapter
King James Version: Isaiah Chapter
The  of . Behold, the LORD rideth upon a swift , and shall come into : and the idols of  shall be moved at his presence, and the heart of  shall melt in the midst of it.

 And I will set the Egyptians against the Egyptians: and they shall fight every one against his brother, and every one against his neighbour; city against city, and kingdom against kingdom.

 And the  of  shall fail in the midst thereof; and I will destroy the counsel thereof: and they shall seek to the idols, and to the charmers, and to them that have familiar spirits, and to the wizards.

 And the Egyptians will I give over into the hand of a cruel lord; and a fierce  shall rule over them, saith the Lord, the LORD of hosts.

 And the waters shall fail from the sea, and the river shall be wasted and dried up.

 And they shall turn the rivers far away; and the brooks of defence shall be emptied and dried up: the reeds and flags shall wither.

 The paper reeds by the brooks, by the mouth of the brooks, and every thing sown by the brooks, shall wither, be driven away, and be no more.

 The fishers also shall , and all they that cast angle into the brooks shall lament, and they that spread nets upon the waters shall languish.

 Moreover they that work in fine , and they that weave networks, shall be confounded.

 And they shall be broken in the purposes thereof, all that make sluices and ponds for .

 Surely the princes of  are fools, the counsel of the  counsellors of  is become brutish: how say ye unto , I am the son of the , the son of ancient kings?

 Where are they? where are thy  men? and let them tell thee now, and let them know what the LORD of hosts hath purposed upon .

 The princes of  are become fools, the princes of  are deceived; they have also seduced , even they that are the stay of the tribes thereof.

 The LORD hath mingled a perverse  in the midst thereof: and they have caused  to err in every work thereof, as a drunken man staggereth in his vomit.

 Neither shall there be any work for , which the head or tail,  or , may do.

 In that day shall  be like unto women: and it shall be afraid and fear because of the shaking of the hand of the LORD of hosts, which he shaketh over it.

 And the land of  shall be a terror unto , every one that maketh mention thereof shall be afraid in himself, because of the counsel of the LORD of hosts, which he hath determined against it.

 In that day shall five cities in the land of  speak the language of , and swear to the LORD of hosts; one shall be called, The city of .

 In that day shall there be an  to the LORD in the midst of the land of , and a  at the border thereof to the LORD.

 And it shall be for a sign and for a  unto the LORD of hosts in the land of : for they shall cry unto the LORD because of the oppressors, and he shall send them a , and a great one, and he shall deliver them.

 And the LORD shall be known to , and the Egyptians shall know the LORD in that day, and shall do  and oblation; yea, they shall vow a vow unto the LORD, and perform it.

 And the LORD shall smite : he shall smite and heal it: and they shall return even to the LORD, and he shall be intreated of them, and shall heal them.

 In that day shall there be a  out of  to , and the Assyrian shall come into , and the Egyptian into , and the Egyptians shall serve with the Assyrians.

 In that day shall  be the third with  and with , even a blessing in the midst of the land:

 Whom the LORD of hosts shall , saying, Blessed be  my people, and  the work of my hands, and  mine inheritance.
