King James Version: Nehemiah: Nehemiah Chapter
King James Version: Nehemiah Chapter
And the rulers of the people dwelt at : the rest of the people also cast lots, to bring one of ten to dwell in  the holy city, and nine parts to dwell in other cities.

 And the people blessed all the men, that willingly offered themselves to dwell at .

 Now these are the chief of the province that dwelt in : but in the cities of  dwelt every one in his possession in their cities, to wit, , the priests, and the Levites, and the Nethinims, and the children of Solomon's servants.

 And at  dwelt certain of the children of , and of the children of . Of the children of ; Athaiah the son of , the son of , the son of , the son of , the son of , of the children of ;

 And  the son of , the son of Colhozeh, the son of Hazaiah, the son of Adaiah, the son of , the son of , the son of Shiloni.

 All the sons of  that dwelt at  were four hundred threescore and eight valiant men.

 And these are the sons of ;  the son of , the son of Joed, the son of , the son of Kolaiah, the son of , the son of Ithiel, the son of Jesaiah.

 And after him Gabbai, , nine hundred twenty and eight.

 And  the son of  was their overseer: and  the son of Senuah was second over the city.

 Of the priests:  the son of , .

  the son of , the son of , the son of , the son of , the son of , was the ruler of the house of God.

 And their brethren that did the work of the house were eight hundred twenty and two: and Adaiah the son of , the son of Pelaliah, the son of Amzi, the son of , the son of , the son of .

 And his brethren, chief of the fathers, two hundred forty and two: and  the son of Azareel, the son of Ahasai, the son of , the son of ,

 And their brethren, mighty men of valour, an hundred twenty and eight: and their overseer was , the son of one of the great men.

 Also of the Levites:  the son of , the son of Azrikam, the son of , the son of Bunni;

 And  and , of the chief of the Levites, had the oversight of the outward business of the house of God.

 And  the son of , the son of , the son of , was the principal to begin the thanksgiving in : and Bakbukiah the second among his brethren, and  the son of , the son of Galal, the son of .

 All the Levites in the holy city were two hundred fourscore and four.

 Moreover the porters, , , and their brethren that kept the gates, were an hundred seventy and two.

 And the residue of , of the priests, and the Levites, were in all the cities of , every one in his inheritance.

 But the Nethinims dwelt in : and  and Gispa were over the Nethinims.

 The overseer also of the Levites at  was  the son of , the son of , the son of , the son of . Of the sons of , the singers were over the business of the house of God.

 For it was the king's commandment concerning them, that a certain portion should be for the singers, due for every day.

 And  the son of Meshezabeel, of the children of  the son of , was at the king's hand in all matters concerning the people.

 And for the , with their fields, some of the children of  dwelt at Kirjatharba, and in the  thereof, and at , and in the  thereof, and at Jekabzeel, and in the  thereof,

 And at , and at , and at Bethphelet,

 And at Hazarshual, and at , and in the  thereof,

 And at , and at , and in the  thereof,

 And at Enrimmon, and at Zareah, and at ,

 , , and in their , at , and the fields thereof, at , and in the  thereof. And they dwelt from  unto the  of .

 The children also of  from  dwelt at , and Aija, and , and in their .

 And at , , ,

 , , ,

 , , ,

 Lod, and , the  of craftsmen.

 And of the Levites were divisions in , and in .
