King James Version: Nehemiah: Nehemiah Chapter
King James Version: Nehemiah Chapter
Then  the high  rose up with his brethren the priests, and they builded the  ; they sanctified it, and set up the  of it; even unto the tower of  they sanctified it, unto the tower of .

 And next unto him builded the men of . And next to them builded  the son of Imri.

 But the   did the sons of Hassenaah build, who also laid the beams thereof, and set up the  thereof, the locks thereof, and the bars thereof.

 And next unto them repaired  the son of , the son of . And next unto them repaired  the son of , the son of Meshezabeel. And next unto them repaired  the son of .

 And next unto them the Tekoites repaired; but their nobles put not their necks to the work of their LORD.

 Moreover the old  repaired  the son of Paseah, and  the son of Besodeiah; they laid the beams thereof, and set up the  thereof, and the locks thereof, and the bars thereof.

 And next unto them repaired Melatiah the Gibeonite, and  the , the men of , and of , unto the  of the governor on this side the river.

 Next unto him repaired  the son of , of the goldsmiths. Next unto him also repaired  the son of one of the apothecaries, and they fortified  unto the broad wall.

 And next unto them repaired Rephaiah the son of , the ruler of the half part of .

 And next unto them repaired  the son of Harumaph, even over against his house. And next unto him repaired  the son of .

 Malchijah the son of , and  the son of Pahathmoab, repaired the other piece, and the tower of the furnaces.

 And next unto him repaired  the son of Halohesh, the ruler of the half part of , he and his daughters.

 The   repaired , and the inhabitants of ; they built it, and set up the  thereof, the locks thereof, and the bars thereof, and a thousand cubits on the wall unto the  .

 But the   repaired  the son of , the ruler of part of Bethhaccerem; he built it, and set up the  thereof, the locks thereof, and the bars thereof.

 But the  of the  repaired Shallun the son of Colhozeh, the ruler of part of ; he built it, and covered it, and set up the  thereof, the locks thereof, and the bars thereof, and the wall of the pool of Siloah by the king's garden, and unto the stairs that go down from the city of .

 After him repaired  the son of Azbuk, the ruler of the half part of , unto the place over against the sepulchres of , and to the pool that was made, and unto the house of the mighty.

 After him repaired the Levites,  the son of . Next unto him repaired , the ruler of the half part of , in his part.

 After him repaired their brethren, Bavai the son of , the ruler of the half part of .

 And next to him repaired  the son of , the ruler of , another piece over against the going up to the  at the turning of the wall.

 After him  the son of  earnestly repaired the other piece, from the turning of the wall unto the door of the house of  the high .

 After him repaired  the son of  the son of  another piece, from the door of the house of  even to the end of the house of .

 And after him repaired the priests, the men of the .

 After him repaired  and  over against their house. After him repaired  the son of  the son of  by his house.

 After him repaired Binnui the son of  another piece, from the house of  unto the turning of the wall, even unto the corner.

 Palal the son of Uzai, over against the turning of the wall, and the tower which lieth out from the king's high house, that was by the court of the . After him  the son of Parosh.

 Moreover the Nethinims dwelt in , unto the place over against the water  toward the , and the tower that lieth out.

 After them the Tekoites repaired another piece, over against the great tower that lieth out, even unto the wall of .

 From above the horse  repaired the priests, every one over against his house.

 After them repaired  the son of  over against his house. After him repaired also  the son of , the keeper of the  .

 After him repaired  the son of , and  the sixth son of Zalaph, another piece. After him repaired  the son of  over against his .

 After him repaired  the goldsmith's son unto the place of the Nethinims, and of the merchants, over against the  Miphkad, and to the going up of the corner.

 And between the going up of the corner unto the   repaired the goldsmiths and the merchants.
