King James Version: Nehemiah: Nehemiah Chapter
King James Version: Nehemiah Chapter
And it came to pass in the month , in the twentieth year of  the , that  was before him: and I took up the , and gave it unto the . Now I had not been beforetime sad in his presence.

 Wherefore the  said unto me, Why is thy countenance sad, seeing thou art not sick? this is nothing else but sorrow of heart. Then I was very sore afraid,

 And said unto the , Let the  live for ever: why should not my countenance be sad, when the city, the place of my fathers' sepulchres, lieth waste, and the gates thereof are consumed with fire?

 Then the  said unto me, For what dost thou make request? So I prayed to the God of .

 And I said unto the , If it please the , and if thy servant have found favour in thy sight, that thou wouldest send me unto , unto the city of my fathers' sepulchres, that I may build it.

 And the  said unto me, (the  also  by him,) For how long shall thy  be? and when wilt thou return? So it pleased the  to send me; and I set him a time.

 Moreover I said unto the , If it please the , let letters be given me to the governors beyond the river, that they may convey me over till I come into ;

 And a letter unto  the keeper of the king's , that he may give me timber to make beams for the gates of the  which appertained to the house, and for the wall of the city, and for the house that I shall enter into. And the  granted me, according to the good hand of my God upon me.

 Then I came to the governors beyond the river, and gave them the king's letters. Now the  had sent captains of the army and horsemen with me.

 When  the , and  the servant, the , heard of it, it grieved them exceedingly that there was come a man to seek the welfare of the children of .

 So I came to , and was there three days.

 And I arose in the night, I and some few men with me; neither told I any man what my God had put in my heart to do at : neither was there any  with me, save the  that I rode upon.

 And I went out by night by the  of the , even before the  well, and to the  port, and viewed the walls of , which were broken down, and the gates thereof were consumed with fire.

 Then I went on to the  of the , and to the king's pool: but there was no place for the  that was under me to pass.

 Then went I up in the night by the , and viewed the wall, and turned back, and entered by the  of the , and so returned.

 And the rulers knew not whither I went, or what I did; neither had I as yet told it to the Jews, nor to the priests, nor to the nobles, nor to the rulers, nor to the rest that did the work.

 Then said I unto them, Ye see the distress that we are in, how  lieth waste, and the gates thereof are burned with fire: come, and let us build up the wall of , that we be no more a reproach.

 Then I told them of the hand of my God which was good upon me; as also the king's words that he had spoken unto me. And they said, Let us rise up and build. So they strengthened their hands for this good work.

 But when  the , and  the servant, the , and  the Arabian, heard it, they laughed us to scorn, and despised us, and said, What is this thing that ye do? will ye rebel against the ?

 Then answered I them, and said unto them, The God of , he will prosper us; therefore we his servants will arise and build: but ye have no portion, nor right, nor memorial, in .
