King James Version: Nehemiah: Nehemiah Chapter
King James Version: Nehemiah Chapter
And all the people gathered themselves together as one man into the street that was before the water ; and they spake unto  the scribe to bring the book of the law of , which the LORD had commanded to .

 And  the  brought the law before the  both of men and women, and all that could hear with understanding, upon the first day of the seventh month.

 And he read therein before the street that was before the water  from the morning until midday, before the men and the women, and those that could understand; and the ears of all the people were attentive unto the book of the law.

 And  the scribe stood upon a  of , which they had made for the purpose; and beside him stood , and , and Anaiah, and , and , and , on his right hand; and on his left hand, , and , and , and , and , , and .

 And  opened the book in the sight of all the people; (for he was above all the people;) and when he opened it, all the people stood up:

 And  blessed the LORD, the great God. And all the people answered, , , with lifting up their hands: and they bowed their heads, and worshipped the LORD with their faces to the ground.

 Also , and , and , Jamin, , , , , , , , , , and the Levites, caused the people to understand the law: and the people stood in their place.

 So they read in the book in the law of God distinctly, and gave the sense, and caused them to understand the reading.

 And , which is the , and  the  the scribe, and the Levites that taught the people, said unto all the people, This day is holy unto the LORD your God;  not, nor weep. For all the people wept, when they heard the words of the law.

 Then he said unto them, Go your way, eat the , and  the sweet, and send portions unto them for whom nothing is prepared: for this day is holy unto our LORD: neither be ye sorry; for the joy of the LORD is your strength.

 So the Levites stilled all the people, saying, Hold your peace, for the day is holy; neither be ye grieved.

 And all the people went their way to eat, and to , and to send portions, and to make great mirth, because they had understood the words that were declared unto them.

 And on the second day were gathered together the chief of the fathers of all the people, the priests, and the Levites, unto  the scribe, even to understand the words of the law.

 And they found written in the law which the LORD had commanded by , that the children of  should dwell in booths in the  of the seventh month:

 And that they should publish and proclaim in all their cities, and in , saying, Go forth unto the , and fetch  branches, and pine branches, and  branches, and palm branches, and branches of thick trees, to make booths, as it is written.

 So the people went forth, and brought them, and made themselves booths, every one upon the roof of his house, and in their courts, and in the courts of the house of God, and in the street of the water , and in the street of the  of .

 And all the  of them that were come again out of the  made booths, and sat under the booths: for since the days of  the son of  unto that day had not the children of  done so. And there was very great gladness.

 Also day by day, from the first day unto the last day, he read in the book of the law of God. And they kept the   days; and on the eighth day was a solemn assembly, according unto the manner.
