King James Version: Nehemiah: Nehemiah Chapter
King James Version: Nehemiah Chapter
Now these are the priests and the Levites that went up with  the son of , and : , , ,

 , , ,

 , , ,

 , Ginnetho, ,

 , Maadiah, ,

 , and , ,

 , Amok, , . These were the chief of the priests and of their brethren in the days of .

 Moreover the Levites: , Binnui, , , , and , which was over the thanksgiving, he and his brethren.

 Also Bakbukiah and , their brethren, were over against them in the .

 And  begat ,  also begat , and  begat ,

 And  begat , and  begat .

 And in the days of  were priests, the chief of the fathers: of , ; of , ;

 Of , ; of , ;

 Of Melicu, ; of , ;

 Of , Adna; of , ;

 Of , ; of Ginnethon, ;

 Of , ; of Miniamin, of Moadiah, Piltai:

 Of , ; of , ;

 And of , Mattenai; of , ;

 Of , Kallai; of Amok, ;

 Of , ; of , .

 The Levites in the days of , , and , and , were recorded chief of the fathers: also the priests, to the reign of  the Persian.

 The sons of , the chief of the fathers, were written in the book of the , even until the days of  the son of .

 And the chief of the Levites: , , and  the son of , with their brethren over against them, to praise and to give thanks, according to the commandment of  the man of God,  over against .

 , and Bakbukiah, , , , , were porters keeping the  at the thresholds of the gates.

 These were in the days of  the son of , the son of Jozadak, and in the days of  the governor, and of  the , the scribe.

 And at the dedication of the wall of  they sought the Levites out of all their places, to bring them to , to keep the dedication with gladness, both with thanksgivings, and with singing, with , psalteries, and with harps.

 And the sons of the singers gathered themselves together, both out of the  country round about , and from the  of Netophathi;

 Also from the house of , and out of the fields of  and : for the singers had builded them  round about .

 And the priests and the Levites purified themselves, and purified the people, and the gates, and the wall.

 Then I brought up the princes of  upon the wall, and appointed two great companies of them that gave thanks, whereof one went on the right hand upon the wall toward the  :

 And after them went Hoshaiah, and half of the princes of ,

 And , , and ,

 , and , and , and ,

 And certain of the priests' sons with ; namely,  the son of , the son of , the son of , the son of , the son of , the son of :

 And his brethren, , and Azarael, Milalai, Gilalai, Maai, , and , , with the musical instruments of  the man of God, and  the scribe before them.

 And at the  , which was over against them, they went up by the stairs of the city of , at the going up of the wall, above the house of , even unto the water  eastward.

 And the other company of them that gave thanks went over against them, and I after them, and the half of the people upon the wall, from beyond the tower of the furnaces even unto the broad wall;

 And from above the  of , and above the old , and above the  , and the tower of , and the tower of , even unto the  : and they stood still in the  .

 So stood the two companies of them that gave thanks in the house of God, and I, and the half of the rulers with me:

 And the priests; , , Miniamin, , , , and , with ;

 And , and , and , and , and , and Malchijah, and , and . And the singers sang loud, with Jezrahiah their overseer.

 Also that day they offered great sacrifices, and rejoiced: for God had made them rejoice with great joy: the wives also and the children rejoiced: so that the joy of  was heard even afar off.

 And at that time were some appointed over the chambers for the treasures, for the offerings, for the firstfruits, and for the tithes, to gather into them out of the fields of the cities the portions of the law for the priests and Levites: for  rejoiced for the priests and for the Levites that waited.

 And both the singers and the porters kept the  of their God, and the  of the , according to the commandment of , and of  his son.

 For in the days of  and  of old there were chief of the singers, and  of praise and thanksgiving unto God.

 And all  in the days of , and in the days of , gave the portions of the singers and the porters, every day his portion: and they sanctified holy things unto the Levites; and the Levites sanctified them unto the children of .
