King James Version: Nehemiah: Nehemiah Chapter
King James Version: Nehemiah Chapter
Now it came to pass, when the wall was built, and I had set up the , and the porters and the singers and the Levites were appointed,

 That I gave my brother , and  the ruler of the , charge over : for he was a  man, and feared God above many.

 And I said unto them, Let not the gates of  be opened until the  be hot; and while they stand by, let them shut the , and bar them: and appoint  of the inhabitants of , every one in his watch, and every one to be over against his house.

 Now the city was large and great: but the people were few therein, and the houses were not builded.

 And my God put into mine heart to gather together the nobles, and the rulers, and the people, that they might be reckoned by genealogy. And I found a register of the genealogy of them which came up at the first, and found written therein,

 These are the children of the province, that went up out of the , of those that had been carried away, whom  the  of  had carried away, and came again to  and to , every one unto his city;

 Who came with , , , , , Nahamani, , , Mispereth, Bigvai, Nehum, . The number, I say, of the men of the people of  was this;

 The children of Parosh, two thousand an hundred seventy and two.

 The children of , three hundred seventy and two.

 The children of Arah, six hundred fifty and two.

 The children of Pahathmoab, of the children of  and , two thousand and eight hundred and eighteen.

 The children of , a thousand two hundred fifty and four.

 The children of , eight hundred forty and five.

 The children of ,  hundred and threescore.

 The children of Binnui, six hundred forty and eight.

 The children of Bebai, six hundred twenty and eight.

 The children of Azgad, two thousand three hundred twenty and two.

 The children of , six hundred threescore and .

 The children of Bigvai, two thousand threescore and .

 The children of , six hundred fifty and five.

 The children of  of , ninety and eight.

 The children of , three hundred twenty and eight.

 The children of Bezai, three hundred twenty and four.

 The children of , an hundred and twelve.

 The children of , ninety and five.

 The men of  and , an hundred fourscore and eight.

 The men of , an hundred twenty and eight.

 The men of Bethazmaveth, forty and two.

 The men of Kirjathjearim, , and ,  hundred forty and three.

 The men of  and Gaba, six hundred twenty and one.

 The men of Michmas, an hundred and twenty and two.

 The men of  and , an hundred twenty and three.

 The men of the other , fifty and two.

 The children of the other , a thousand two hundred fifty and four.

 The children of , three hundred and twenty.

 The children of , three hundred forty and five.

 The children of Lod, , and ,  hundred twenty and one.

 The children of , three thousand nine hundred and thirty.

 The priests: the children of , of the house of , nine hundred seventy and three.

 The children of , a thousand fifty and two.

 The children of , a thousand two hundred forty and .

 The children of , a thousand and seventeen.

 The Levites: the children of , of , and of the children of Hodevah, seventy and four.

 The singers: the children of , an hundred forty and eight.

 The porters: the children of , the children of , the children of , the children of , the children of , the children of , an hundred thirty and eight.

 The Nethinims: the children of , the children of Hashupha, the children of ,

 The children of Keros, the children of Sia, the children of Padon,

 The children of Lebana, the children of Hagaba, the children of Shalmai,

 The children of , the children of Giddel, the children of ,

 The children of Reaiah, the children of , the children of Nekoda,

 The children of Gazzam, the children of , the children of Phaseah,

 The children of Besai, the children of Meunim, the children of Nephishesim,

 The children of Bakbuk, the children of Hakupha, the children of ,

 The children of Bazlith, the children of Mehida, the children of ,

 The children of , the children of , the children of Tamah,

 The children of , the children of .

 The children of Solomon's servants: the children of Sotai, the children of Sophereth, the children of ,

 The children of , the children of Darkon, the children of Giddel,

 The children of , the children of Hattil, the children of Pochereth of , the children of .

 All the Nethinims, and the children of Solomon's servants, were three hundred ninety and two.

 And these were they which went up also from Telmelah, Telharesha, , , and : but they could not shew their father's house, nor their seed, whether they were of .

 The children of , the children of , the children of Nekoda, six hundred forty and two.

 And of the priests: the children of Habaiah, the children of , the children of , which took one of the daughters of  the Gileadite to wife, and was called after their name.

 These sought their register among those that were reckoned by genealogy, but it was not found: therefore were they, as polluted, put from the priesthood.

 And the  said unto them, that they should not eat of the most holy things, till there stood up a  with  and .

 The whole  together was forty and two thousand three hundred and threescore,

 Beside their manservants and their maidservants, of whom there were  thousand three hundred thirty and : and they had two hundred forty and five singing men and singing women.

 Their horses,  hundred thirty and six: their mules, two hundred forty and five:

 Their camels, four hundred thirty and five: six thousand  hundred and twenty asses.

 And some of the chief of the fathers gave unto the work. The  gave to the treasure a thousand drams of , fifty basons, five hundred and thirty priests' garments.

 And some of the chief of the fathers gave to the treasure of the work twenty thousand drams of , and two thousand and two hundred  of .

 And that which the rest of the people gave was twenty thousand drams of , and two thousand  of , and threescore and  priests' garments.

 So the priests, and the Levites, and the porters, and the singers, and some of the people, and the Nethinims, and all , dwelt in their cities; and when the seventh month came, the children of  were in their cities.
