King James Version: Nehemiah: Nehemiah Chapter
King James Version: Nehemiah Chapter
On that day they read in the book of  in the audience of the people; and therein was found written, that the  and the  should not come into the  of God for ever;

 Because they met not the children of  with  and with water, but hired  against them, that he should  them: howbeit our God turned the  into a blessing.

 Now it came to pass, when they had heard the law, that they separated from  all the mixed multitude.

 And before this,  the , having the oversight of the  of the house of our God, was allied unto :

 And he had prepared for him a great , where aforetime they laid the meat offerings, the , and the vessels, and the tithes of the , the new , and the oil, which was commanded to be given to the Levites, and the singers, and the porters; and the offerings of the priests.

 But in all this time was not I at : for in the two and thirtieth year of   of  came I unto the , and after certain days obtained I leave of the :

 And I came to , and understood of the evil that  did for , in preparing him a  in the courts of the house of God.

 And it grieved me sore: therefore I cast forth all the household stuff to  out of the .

 Then I commanded, and they cleansed the chambers: and thither brought I again the vessels of the house of God, with the meat  and the .

 And I perceived that the portions of the Levites had not been given them: for the Levites and the singers, that did the work, were fled every one to his field.

 Then contended I with the rulers, and said, Why is the house of God forsaken? And I gathered them together, and set them in their place.

 Then brought all  the  of the  and the new  and the oil unto the treasuries.

 And I made treasurers over the treasuries,  the , and  the scribe, and of the Levites, : and next to them was  the son of , the son of : for they were counted , and their office was to distribute unto their brethren.

 Remember me, O my God, concerning this, and wipe not out my good deeds that I have done for the house of my God, and for the offices thereof.

 In those days saw I in  some treading  presses on the , and bringing in sheaves, and lading asses; as also , grapes, and figs, and all manner of burdens, which they brought into  on the  day: and I testified against them in the day wherein they sold victuals.

 There dwelt men of  also therein, which brought , and all manner of ware, and sold on the  unto the children of , and in .

 Then I contended with the nobles of , and said unto them, What evil thing is this that ye do, and profane the  day?

 Did not your fathers thus, and did not our God bring all this evil upon us, and upon this city? yet ye bring more wrath upon  by profaning the .

 And it came to pass, that when the gates of  began to be dark before the , I commanded that the gates should be shut, and charged that they should not be opened till after the : and some of my servants set I at the gates, that there should no  be brought in on the  day.

 So the merchants and sellers of all kind of ware lodged without  once or twice.

 Then I testified against them, and said unto them, Why  ye about the wall? if ye do so again, I will lay hands on you. From that time forth came they no more on the .

 And I commanded the Levites that they should cleanse themselves, and that they should come and keep the gates, to sanctify the  day. Remember me, O my God, concerning this also, and spare me according to the greatness of thy .

 In those days also saw I Jews that had married wives of , of , and of :

 And their children spake half in the speech of , and could not speak in the Jews' language, but according to the language of each people.

 And I contended with them, and cursed them, and smote certain of them, and plucked off their hair, and made them swear by God, saying, Ye shall not give your daughters unto their sons, nor take their daughters unto your sons, or for yourselves.

 Did not   of   by these things? yet among many nations was there no  like him, who was beloved of his God, and God made him  over all : nevertheless even him did outlandish women cause to .

 Shall we then hearken unto you to do all this great evil, to transgress against our God in marrying strange wives?

 And one of the sons of , the son of  the high , was son in law to  the : therefore I chased him from me.

 Remember them, O my God, because they have defiled the priesthood, and the  of the priesthood, and of the Levites.

 Thus cleansed I them from all strangers, and appointed the wards of the priests and the Levites, every one in his business;

 And for the  , at times appointed, and for the firstfruits. Remember me, O my God, for good.
