King James Version: Exodus: Exodus Chapter
King James Version: Exodus Chapter
And  answered and said, But, behold, they will not believe me, nor hearken unto my voice: for they will say, The LORD hath not appeared unto thee.

 And the LORD said unto him, What is that in thine hand? And he said, A rod.

 And he said, Cast it on the ground. And he cast it on the ground, and it became a ; and  fled from before it.

 And the LORD said unto , Put forth thine hand, and take it by the tail. And he put forth his hand, and caught it, and it became a rod in his hand:

 That they may believe that the LORD God of their fathers, the God of , the God of , and the God of , hath appeared unto thee.

 And the LORD said furthermore unto him, Put now thine hand into thy . And he put his hand into his : and when he took it out, behold, his hand was leprous as .

 And he said, Put thine hand into thy  again. And he put his hand into his  again; and plucked it out of his , and, behold, it was turned again as his other .

 And it shall come to pass, if they will not believe thee, neither hearken to the voice of the first sign, that they will believe the voice of the latter sign.

 And it shall come to pass, if they will not believe also these two signs, neither hearken unto thy voice, that thou shalt take of the water of the river, and pour it upon the dry land: and the water which thou takest out of the river shall become  upon the dry land.

 And  said unto the LORD, O my LORD, I am not eloquent, neither heretofore, nor since thou hast spoken unto thy servant: but I am slow of speech, and of a slow tongue.

 And the LORD said unto him, Who hath made man's mouth? or who maketh the , or deaf, or the seeing, or the ? have not I the LORD?

 Now therefore go, and I will be with thy mouth, and teach thee what thou shalt say.

 And he said, O my LORD, send, I pray thee, by the hand of him whom thou wilt send.

 And the  of the LORD was kindled against , and he said, Is not  the  thy brother? I know that he can speak well. And also, behold, he cometh forth to meet thee: and when he seeth thee, he will be glad in his heart.

 And thou shalt speak unto him, and put words in his mouth: and I will be with thy mouth, and with his mouth, and will teach you what ye shall do.

 And he shall be thy spokesman unto the people: and he shall be, even he shall be to thee instead of a mouth, and thou shalt be to him instead of God.

 And thou shalt take this rod in thine hand, wherewith thou shalt do signs.

 And  went and returned to  his father in law, and said unto him, Let me go, I pray thee, and return unto my brethren which are in , and see whether they be yet alive. And  said to , Go in peace.

 And the LORD said unto  in , Go, return into : for all the men are dead which sought thy life.

 And  took his wife and his sons, and set them upon an , and he returned to the land of : and  took the rod of God in his hand.

 And the LORD said unto , When thou goest to return into , see that thou do all those wonders before , which I have put in thine hand: but I will harden his heart, that he shall not let the people go.

 And thou shalt say unto , Thus saith the LORD,  is my son, even my firstborn:

 And I say unto thee, Let my son go, that he may serve me: and if thou refuse to let him go, behold, I will slay thy son, even thy firstborn.

 And it came to pass by the way in the , that the LORD met him, and sought to kill him.

 Then  took a sharp , and cut off the foreskin of her son, and cast it at his feet, and said, Surely a bloody husband art thou to me.

 So he let him go: then she said, A bloody husband thou art, because of the .

 And the LORD said to , Go into the  to meet . And he went, and met him in the  of God, and kissed him.

 And  told  all the words of the LORD who had sent him, and all the signs which he had commanded him.

 And  and  went and gathered together all the elders of the children of :

 And  spake all the words which the LORD had spoken unto , and did the signs in the sight of the people.

 And the people believed: and when they heard that the LORD had visited the children of , and that he had looked upon their affliction, then they bowed their heads and worshipped.
