King James Version: Exodus: Exodus Chapter
King James Version: Exodus Chapter
And  gathered all the  of the children of  together, and said unto them, These are the words which the LORD hath commanded, that ye should do them.

 Six days shall work be done, but on the seventh day there shall be to you an holy day, a  of rest to the LORD: whosoever doeth work therein shall be put to death.

 Ye shall kindle no fire throughout your habitations upon the  day.

 And  spake unto all the  of the children of , saying, This is the thing which the LORD commanded, saying,

 Take ye from among you an  unto the LORD: whosoever is of a willing heart, let him bring it, an  of the LORD; , and , and ,

 And , and purple, and , and fine , and goats' hair,

 And rams' skins dyed red, and badgers' skins, and  ,

 And oil for the light, and  for anointing oil, and for the sweet ,

 And  stones, and stones to be set for the , and for the .

 And every  hearted among you shall come, and make all that the LORD hath commanded;

 The , his , and his covering, his , and his boards, his bars, his pillars, and his sockets,

 The , and the staves thereof, with the  seat, and the vail of the covering,

 The table, and his staves, and all his vessels, and the ,

 The  also for the light, and his furniture, and his lamps, with the oil for the light,

 And the  , and his staves, and the anointing oil, and the sweet , and the  for the door at the entering in of the ,

 The  of burnt , with his brasen , his staves, and all his vessels, the  and his foot,

 The hangings of the court, his pillars, and their sockets, and the  for the door of the court,

 The pins of the , and the pins of the court, and their cords,

 The cloths of service, to do service in the holy place, the holy garments for  the , and the garments of his sons, to  in the priest's office.

 And all the  of the children of  departed from the presence of .

 And they came, every one whose heart stirred him up, and every one whom his  made willing, and they brought the LORD's  to the work of the  of the , and for all his service, and for the holy garments.

 And they came, both men and women, as many as were willing hearted, and brought bracelets, and , and rings, and tablets, all jewels of : and every man that offered offered an  of  unto the LORD.

 And every man, with whom was found , and purple, and , and fine , and goats' hair, and red skins of rams, and badgers' skins, brought them.

 Every one that did offer an  of  and  brought the LORD's : and every man, with whom was found   for any work of the service, brought it.

 And all the women that were  hearted did spin with their hands, and brought that which they had spun, both of , and of purple, and of , and of fine .

 And all the women whose heart stirred them up in wisdom spun goats' hair.

 And the rulers brought  stones, and stones to be set, for the , and for the ;

 And spice, and oil for the light, and for the anointing oil, and for the sweet .

 The children of  brought a willing  unto the LORD, every man and woman, whose heart made them willing to bring for all manner of work, which the LORD had commanded to be made by the hand of .

 And  said unto the children of , See, the LORD hath called by name  the son of Uri, the son of , of the  of ;

 And he hath filled him with the  of God, in wisdom, in understanding, and in knowledge, and in all manner of workmanship;

 And to devise curious works, to work in , and in , and in ,

 And in the  of stones, to set them, and in carving of , to make any manner of cunning work.

 And he hath put in his heart that he may teach, both he, and , the son of Ahisamach, of the  of .

 Them hath he filled with wisdom of heart, to work all manner of work, of the , and of the cunning workman, and of the embroiderer, in , and in purple, in , and in fine , and of the weaver, even of them that do any work, and of those that devise cunning work.
