King James Version: Exodus: Exodus Chapter
King James Version: Exodus Chapter
And the LORD spake unto , saying,

 On the first day of the first month shalt thou set up the  of the  of the .

 And thou shalt put therein the  of the , and cover the  with the vail.

 And thou shalt bring in the table, and set in order the things that are to be set in order upon it; and thou shalt bring in the , and light the lamps thereof.

 And thou shalt set the  of  for the  before the  of the , and put the  of the door to the .

 And thou shalt set the  of the burnt  before the door of the  of the  of the .

 And thou shalt set the  between the  of the  and the , and shalt put water therein.

 And thou shalt set up the court round about, and hang up the  at the court .

 And thou shalt take the anointing oil, and  the , and all that is therein, and shalt  it, and all the vessels thereof: and it shall be holy.

 And thou shalt  the  of the burnt , and all his vessels, and sanctify the : and it shall be an  most holy.

 And thou shalt  the  and his foot, and sanctify it.

 And thou shalt bring  and his sons unto the door of the  of the , and wash them with water.

 And thou shalt put upon  the holy garments, and  him, and sanctify him; that he may  unto me in the priest's office.

 And thou shalt bring his sons, and clothe them with coats:

 And thou shalt  them, as thou didst  their father, that they may  unto me in the priest's office: for their anointing shall surely be an  priesthood throughout their generations.

 Thus did : according to all that the LORD commanded him, so did he.

 And it came to pass in the first month in the second year, on the first day of the month, that the  was reared up.

 And  reared up the , and fastened his sockets, and set up the boards thereof, and put in the bars thereof, and reared up his pillars.

 And he spread abroad the  over the , and put the covering of the  above upon it; as the LORD commanded .

 And he took and put the  into the , and set the staves on the , and put the  seat above upon the :

 And he brought the  into the , and set up the vail of the covering, and covered the  of the ; as the LORD commanded .

 And he put the table in the  of the , upon the side of the  , without the vail.

 And he set the  in order upon it before the LORD; as the LORD had commanded .

 And he put the  in the  of the , over against the table, on the side of the  southward.

 And he lighted the lamps before the LORD; as the LORD commanded .

 And he put the golden  in the  of the  before the vail:

 And he burnt sweet  thereon; as the LORD commanded .

 And he set up the  at the door of the .

 And he put the  of burnt  by the door of the  of the  of the , and offered upon it the burnt  and the meat ; as the LORD commanded .

 And he set the  between the  of the  and the , and put water there, to wash withal.

 And  and  and his sons washed their hands and their feet thereat:

 When they went into the  of the , and when they came near unto the , they washed; as the LORD commanded .

 And he reared up the court round about the  and the , and set up the  of the court . So  finished the work.

 Then a  covered the  of the , and the  of the LORD filled the .

 And  was not able to enter into the  of the , because the  abode thereon, and the  of the LORD filled the .

 And when the  was taken up from over the , the children of  went onward in all their journeys:

 But if the  were not taken up, then they journeyed not till the day that it was taken up.

 For the  of the LORD was upon the  by day, and fire was on it by night, in the sight of all the house of , throughout all their journeys.
