King James Version: Exodus: Exodus Chapter
King James Version: Exodus Chapter
Now these are the names of the children of , which came into ; every man and his household came with .

 , , , and ,

 , , and ,

 , and , , and .

 And all the souls that came out of the loins of  were seventy souls: for  was in  already.

 And  died, and all his brethren, and all that .

 And the children of  were fruitful, and increased abundantly, and multiplied, and waxed exceeding mighty; and the land was filled with them.

 Now there arose up a new  over , which knew not .

 And he said unto his people, Behold, the people of the children of  are more and mightier than we:

 Come on, let us deal wisely with them; lest they multiply, and it come to pass, that, when there falleth out any war, they join also unto our enemies, and fight against us, and so get them up out of the land.

 Therefore they did set over them taskmasters to afflict them with their burdens. And they built for  treasure cities,  and .

 But the more they afflicted them, the more they multiplied and grew. And they were grieved because of the children of .

 And the Egyptians made the children of  to serve with rigour:

 And they made their lives  with hard , in morter, and in brick, and in all manner of service in the field: all their service, wherein they made them serve, was with rigour.

 And the  of  spake to the  midwives, of which the name of the one was , and the name of the other :

 And he said, When ye do the office of a  to the  women, and see them upon the stools; if it be a son, then ye shall kill him: but if it be a daughter, then she shall live.

 But the midwives feared God, and did not as the  of  commanded them, but saved the men children alive.

 And the  of  called for the midwives, and said unto them, Why have ye done this thing, and have saved the men children alive?

 And the midwives said unto , Because the  women are not as the Egyptian women; for they are lively, and are delivered ere the midwives come in unto them.

 Therefore God dealt well with the midwives: and the people multiplied, and waxed very mighty.

 And it came to pass, because the midwives feared God, that he made them houses.

 And  charged all his people, saying, Every son that is born ye shall cast into the river, and every daughter ye shall save alive.
