King James Version: Exodus: Exodus Chapter
King James Version: Exodus Chapter
And the LORD said unto , Depart, and go up hence, thou and the people which thou hast brought up out of the land of , unto the land which I sware unto , to , and to , saying, Unto thy seed will I give it:

 And I will send an  before thee; and I will drive out the , the Amorite, and the Hittite, and the Perizzite, the Hivite, and the Jebusite:

 Unto a land flowing with  and : for I will not go up in the midst of thee; for thou art a stiffnecked people: lest I consume thee in the way.

 And when the people heard these evil tidings, they mourned: and no man did put on him his ornaments.

 For the LORD had said unto , Say unto the children of , Ye are a stiffnecked people: I will come up into the midst of thee in a moment, and consume thee: therefore now put off thy ornaments from thee, that I may know what to do unto thee.

 And the children of  stripped themselves of their ornaments by the  .

 And  took the , and pitched it without the , afar off from the , and called it the  of the . And it came to pass, that every one which sought the LORD went out unto the  of the , which was without the .

 And it came to pass, when  went out unto the , that all the people rose up, and stood every man at his  door, and looked after , until he was gone into the .

 And it came to pass, as  entered into the , the cloudy  descended, and stood at the door of the , and the Lord talked with .

 And all the people saw the cloudy  stand at the  door: and all the people rose up and worshipped, every man in his  door.

 And the LORD spake unto  face to face, as a man speaketh unto his friend. And he turned again into the : but his servant , the son of , a young man, departed not out of the .

 And  said unto the LORD, See, thou sayest unto me, Bring up this people: and thou hast not let me know whom thou wilt send with me. Yet thou hast said, I know thee by name, and thou hast also found  in my sight.

 Now therefore, I pray thee, if I have found  in thy sight, shew me now thy way, that I may know thee, that I may find  in thy sight: and consider that this nation is thy people.

 And he said, My presence shall go with thee, and I will give thee rest.

 And he said unto him, If thy presence go not with me, carry us not up hence.

 For wherein shall it be known here that I and thy people have found  in thy sight? is it not in that thou goest with us? so shall we be separated, I and thy people, from all the people that are upon the face of the earth.

 And the LORD said unto , I will do this thing also that thou hast spoken: for thou hast found  in my sight, and I know thee by name.

 And he said, I beseech thee, shew me thy .

 And he said, I will make all my  pass before thee, and I will proclaim the name of the LORD before thee; and will be gracious to whom I will be gracious, and will shew  on whom I will shew .

 And he said, Thou canst not see my face: for there shall no man see me, and live.

 And the LORD said, Behold, there is a place by me, and thou shalt stand upon a :

 And it shall come to pass, while my  passeth by, that I will put thee in a clift of the , and will cover thee with my hand while I pass by:

 And I will take away mine hand, and thou shalt see my back parts: but my face shall not be seen.
