King James Version: Exodus: Exodus Chapter
King James Version: Exodus Chapter
And the LORD spake unto , saying,

 Sanctify unto me all the firstborn, whatsoever openeth the womb among the children of , both of man and of : it is mine.

 And  said unto the people, Remember this day, in which ye came out from , out of the house of ; for by strength of hand the LORD brought you out from this place: there shall no leavened  be eaten.

 This day came ye out in the month .

 And it shall be when the LORD shall bring thee into the land of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , which he sware unto thy fathers to give thee, a land flowing with  and , that thou shalt keep this service in this month.

  days thou shalt eat unleavened , and in the seventh day shall be a  to the LORD.

 Unleavened  shall be eaten  days; and there shall no leavened  be seen with thee, neither shall there be  seen with thee in all thy quarters.

 And thou shalt shew thy son in that day, saying, This is done because of that which the LORD did unto me when I came forth out of .

 And it shall be for a sign unto thee upon thine hand, and for a memorial between thine eyes, that the LORD's law may be in thy mouth: for with a strong hand hath the LORD brought thee out of .

 Thou shalt therefore keep this ordinance in his season from year to year.

 And it shall be when the LORD shall bring thee into the land of the , as he sware unto thee and to thy fathers, and shall give it thee,

 That thou shalt set apart unto the LORD all that openeth the matrix, and every firstling that cometh of a  which thou hast; the males shall be the LORD's.

 And every firstling of an  thou shalt redeem with a ; and if thou wilt not redeem it, then thou shalt break his : and all the firstborn of man among thy children shalt thou redeem.

 And it shall be when thy son asketh thee in time to come, saying, What is this? that thou shalt say unto him, By strength of hand the LORD brought us out from , from the house of :

 And it came to pass, when  would hardly let us go, that the LORD slew all the firstborn in the land of , both the firstborn of man, and the firstborn of : therefore I  to the LORD all that openeth the matrix, being males; but all the firstborn of my children I redeem.

 And it shall be for a token upon thine hand, and for  between thine eyes: for by strength of hand the LORD brought us forth out of .

 And it came to pass, when  had let the people go, that God led them not through the way of the land of the , although that was near; for God said, Lest peradventure the people repent when they see war, and they return to :

 But God led the people about, through the way of the  of the Red sea: and the children of  went up harnessed out of the land of .

 And  took the bones of  with him: for he had straitly sworn the children of , saying, God will surely visit you; and ye shall carry up my bones away hence with you.

 And they took their  from , and encamped in , in the edge of the .

 And the LORD went before them by day in a  of a , to lead them the way; and by night in a  of fire, to give them light; to go by day and night:

 He took not away the  of the  by day, nor the  of fire by night, from before the people.
