King James Version: Exodus: Exodus Chapter
King James Version: Exodus Chapter
Then wrought  and , and every  hearted man, in whom the LORD put wisdom and understanding to know how to work all manner of work for the service of the , according to all that the LORD had commanded.

 And  called  and , and every  hearted man, in whose heart the LORD had put wisdom, even every one whose heart stirred him up to come unto the work to do it:

 And they received of  all the , which the children of  had brought for the work of the service of the , to make it withal. And they brought yet unto him free offerings every morning.

 And all the  men, that wrought all the work of the , came every man from his work which they made;

 And they spake unto , saying, The people bring much more than enough for the service of the work, which the LORD commanded to make.

 And  gave commandment, and they caused it to be proclaimed throughout the , saying, Let neither man nor woman make any more work for the  of the . So the people were restrained from bringing.

 For the stuff they had was sufficient for all the work to make it, and too much.

 And every  hearted man among them that wrought the work of the  made ten curtains of fine twined , and , and purple, and : with cherubims of cunning work made he them.

 The length of one  was twenty and eight cubits, and the breadth of one  four cubits: the curtains were all of one size.

 And he coupled the five curtains one unto another: and the other five curtains he coupled one unto another.

 And he made loops of  on the edge of one  from the selvedge in the coupling: likewise he made in the uttermost side of another , in the coupling of the second.

 Fifty loops made he in one , and fifty loops made he in the edge of the  which was in the coupling of the second: the loops held one  to another.

 And he made fifty  of , and coupled the curtains one unto another with the : so it became one .

 And he made curtains of goats' hair for the  over the : eleven curtains he made them.

 The length of one  was thirty cubits, and four cubits was the breadth of one : the eleven curtains were of one size.

 And he coupled five curtains by themselves, and six curtains by themselves.

 And he made fifty loops upon the uttermost edge of the  in the coupling, and fifty loops made he upon the edge of the  which coupleth the second.

 And he made fifty  of  to couple the  together, that it might be one.

 And he made a covering for the  of rams' skins dyed red, and a covering of badgers' skins above that.

 And he made boards for the  of  , standing up.

 The length of a board was ten cubits, and the breadth of a board one  and a half.

 One board had two tenons, equally distant one from another: thus did he make for all the boards of the .

 And he made boards for the ; twenty boards for the south side southward:

 And forty sockets of  he made under the twenty boards; two sockets under one board for his two tenons, and two sockets under another board for his two tenons.

 And for the other side of the , which is toward the north corner, he made twenty boards,

 And their forty sockets of ; two sockets under one board, and two sockets under another board.

 And for the sides of the   he made six boards.

 And two boards made he for the corners of the  in the two sides.

 And they were coupled beneath, and coupled together at the head thereof, to one : thus he did to both of them in both the corners.

 And there were eight boards; and their sockets were sixteen sockets of , under every board two sockets.

 And he made bars of  ; five for the boards of the one side of the ,

 And five bars for the boards of the other side of the , and five bars for the boards of the  for the sides .

 And he made the middle bar to shoot through the boards from the one end to the other.

 And he overlaid the boards with , and made their rings of  to be places for the bars, and overlaid the bars with .

 And he made a vail of , and purple, and , and fine twined : with cherubims made he it of cunning work.

 And he made thereunto four pillars of  , and overlaid them with : their hooks were of ; and he cast for them four sockets of .

 And he made an  for the  door of , and purple, and , and fine twined , of needlework;

 And the five pillars of it with their hooks: and he overlaid their chapiters and their  with : but their five sockets were of .
