King James Version: Exodus: Exodus Chapter
King James Version: Exodus Chapter
And the LORD said unto , Go in unto : for I have hardened his heart, and the heart of his servants, that I might shew these my signs before him:

 And that thou mayest tell in the ears of thy son, and of thy son's son, what things I have wrought in , and my signs which I have done among them; that ye may know how that I am the LORD.

 And  and  came in unto , and said unto him, Thus saith the LORD God of the , How long wilt thou refuse to humble thyself before me? let my people go, that they may serve me.

 Else, if thou refuse to let my people go, behold, to morrow will I bring the locusts into thy coast:

 And they shall cover the face of the earth, that one cannot be able to see the earth: and they shall eat the residue of that which is escaped, which remaineth unto you from the , and shall eat every tree which groweth for you out of the field:

 And they shall fill thy houses, and the houses of all thy servants, and the houses of all the Egyptians; which neither thy fathers, nor thy fathers' fathers have seen, since the day that they were upon the earth unto this day. And he turned himself, and went out from .

 And Pharaoh's servants said unto him, How long shall this man be a  unto us? let the men go, that they may serve the LORD their God: knowest thou not yet that  is destroyed?

 And  and  were brought again unto : and he said unto them, Go, serve the LORD your God: but who are they that shall go?

 And  said, We will go with our young and with our old, with our sons and with our daughters, with our flocks and with our herds will we go; for we must hold a  unto the LORD.

 And he said unto them, Let the LORD be so with you, as I will let you go, and your little ones: look to it; for evil is before you.

 Not so: go now ye that are men, and serve the LORD; for that ye did desire. And they were driven out from Pharaoh's presence.

 And the LORD said unto , Stretch out thine hand over the land of  for the locusts, that they may come up upon the land of , and eat every  of the land, even all that the  hath left.

 And  stretched forth his rod over the land of , and the LORD brought an  wind upon the land all that day, and all that night; and when it was morning, the  wind brought the locusts.

 And the  went up over all the land of , and rested in all the coasts of : very grievous were they; before them there were no such locusts as they, neither after them shall be such.

 For they covered the face of the whole earth, so that the land was darkened; and they did eat every  of the land, and all the  of the trees which the  had left: and there remained not any green thing in the trees, or in the herbs of the field, through all the land of .

 Then  called for  and  in haste; and he said, I have sinned against the LORD your God, and against you.

 Now therefore forgive, I pray thee, my  only this once, and intreat the LORD your God, that he may take away from me this death only.

 And he went out from , and intreated the LORD.

 And the LORD turned a mighty strong west wind, which took away the locusts, and cast them into the Red sea; there remained not one  in all the coasts of .

 But the LORD hardened Pharaoh's heart, so that he would not let the children of  go.

 And the LORD said unto , Stretch out thine hand toward , that there may be  over the land of , even  which may be felt.

 And  stretched forth his hand toward ; and there was a thick  in all the land of  three days:

 They saw not one another, neither rose any from his place for three days: but all the children of  had light in their .

 And  called unto , and said, Go ye, serve the LORD; only let your flocks and your herds be stayed: let your little ones also go with you.

 And  said, Thou must give us also sacrifices and burnt offerings, that we may  unto the LORD our God.

 Our  also shall go with us; there shall not an  be left behind; for thereof must we take to serve the LORD our God; and we know not with what we must serve the LORD, until we come thither.

 But the LORD hardened Pharaoh's heart, and he would not let them go.

 And  said unto him, Get thee from me, take heed to thyself, see my face no more; for in that day thou seest my face thou shalt die.

 And  said, Thou hast spoken well, I will see thy face again no more.
