King James Version: Exodus: Exodus Chapter
King James Version: Exodus Chapter
Now  kept the flock of  his father in law, the  of : and he led the flock to the backside of the , and came to the mountain of God, even to .

 And the  of the LORD appeared unto him in a flame of fire out of the midst of a : and he looked, and, behold, the  burned with fire, and the  was not consumed.

 And  said, I will now turn aside, and see this great sight, why the  is not burnt.

 And when the LORD saw that he turned aside to see, God called unto him out of the midst of the , and said, , . And he said, Here am I.

 And he said, Draw not nigh hither: put off thy shoes from off thy feet, for the place whereon thou standest is holy ground.

 Moreover he said, I am the God of thy father, the God of , the God of , and the God of . And  hid his face; for he was afraid to look upon God.

 And the LORD said, I have surely seen the affliction of my people which are in , and have heard their cry by reason of their taskmasters; for I know their sorrows;

 And I am come down to deliver them out of the hand of the Egyptians, and to bring them up out of that land unto a good land and a large, unto a land flowing with  and ; unto the place of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the .

 Now therefore, behold, the cry of the children of  is come unto me: and I have also seen the oppression wherewith the Egyptians oppress them.

 Come now therefore, and I will send thee unto , that thou mayest bring forth my people the children of  out of .

 And  said unto God, Who am I, that I should go unto , and that I should bring forth the children of  out of ?

 And he said, Certainly I will be with thee; and this shall be a token unto thee, that I have sent thee: When thou hast brought forth the people out of , ye shall serve God upon this mountain.

 And  said unto God, Behold, when I come unto the children of , and shall say unto them, The God of your fathers hath sent me unto you; and they shall say to me, What is his name? what shall I say unto them?

 And God said unto , I AM THAT I AM: and he said, Thus shalt thou say unto the children of , I AM hath sent me unto you.

 And God said moreover unto , Thus shalt thou say unto the children of , the LORD God of your fathers, the God of , the God of , and the God of , hath sent me unto you: this is my name for ever, and this is my memorial unto all generations.

 Go, and gather the elders of  together, and say unto them, The LORD God of your fathers, the God of , of , and of , appeared unto me, saying, I have surely visited you, and seen that which is done to you in :

 And I have said, I will bring you up out of the affliction of  unto the land of the , and the , and the , and the , and the , and the , unto a land flowing with  and .

 And they shall hearken to thy voice: and thou shalt come, thou and the elders of , unto the  of , and ye shall say unto him, The LORD God of the  hath met with us: and now let us go, we beseech thee, three days'  into the , that we may  to the LORD our God.

 And I am sure that the  of  will not let you go, no, not by a mighty hand.

 And I will stretch out my hand, and smite  with all my wonders which I will do in the midst thereof: and after that he will let you go.

 And I will give this people favour in the sight of the Egyptians: and it shall come to pass, that, when ye go, ye shall not go empty.

 But every woman shall  of her neighbour, and of her that sojourneth in her house, jewels of , and jewels of , and raiment: and ye shall put them upon your sons, and upon your daughters; and ye shall spoil the Egyptians.
