King James Version: Exodus: Exodus Chapter
King James Version: Exodus Chapter
And he made the  of burnt  of  : five cubits was the length thereof, and five cubits the breadth thereof; it was foursquare; and three cubits the height thereof.

 And he made the horns thereof on the four corners of it; the horns thereof were of the same: and he overlaid it with .

 And he made all the vessels of the , the pots, and the shovels, and the basons, and the fleshhooks, and the firepans: all the vessels thereof made he of .

 And he made for the  a brasen  of network under the compass thereof beneath unto the midst of it.

 And he cast four rings for the four ends of the  of , to be places for the staves.

 And he made the staves of  , and overlaid them with .

 And he put the staves into the rings on the sides of the , to bear it withal; he made the  hollow with boards.

 And he made the  of , and the foot of it of , of the lookingglasses of the women assembling, which assembled at the door of the  of the .

 And he made the court: on the south side southward the hangings of the court were of fine twined , an hundred cubits:

 Their pillars were twenty, and their brasen sockets twenty; the hooks of the pillars and their  were of .

 And for the north side the hangings were an hundred cubits, their pillars were twenty, and their sockets of  twenty; the hooks of the pillars and their  of .

 And for the west side were hangings of fifty cubits, their pillars ten, and their sockets ten; the hooks of the pillars and their  of .

 And for the  side eastward fifty cubits.

 The hangings of the one side of the  were fifteen cubits; their pillars three, and their sockets three.

 And for the other side of the court , on this hand and that hand, were hangings of fifteen cubits; their pillars three, and their sockets three.

 All the hangings of the court round about were of fine twined .

 And the sockets for the pillars were of ; the hooks of the pillars and their  of ; and the overlaying of their chapiters of ; and all the pillars of the court were filleted with .

 And the  for the  of the court was needlework, of , and purple, and , and fine twined : and twenty cubits was the length, and the height in the breadth was five cubits, answerable to the hangings of the court.

 And their pillars were four, and their sockets of  four; their hooks of , and the overlaying of their chapiters and their  of .

 And all the pins of the , and of the court round about, were of .

 This is the sum of the , even of the  of , as it was counted, according to the commandment of , for the service of the Levites, by the hand of , son to  the .

 And  the son Uri, the son of , of the  of , made all that the LORD commanded .

 And with him was , son of Ahisamach, of the  of , an , and a cunning workman, and an embroiderer in , and in purple, and in , and fine .

 All the  that was occupied for the work in all the work of the holy place, even the  of the , was twenty and nine talents, and  hundred and thirty shekels, after the  of the .

 And the  of them that were numbered of the  was an hundred talents, and a thousand  hundred and threescore and fifteen shekels, after the  of the :

 A  for every man, that is, half a , after the  of the , for every one that went to be numbered, from twenty years old and upward, for six hundred thousand and three thousand and five hundred and fifty men.

 And of the hundred talents of  were cast the sockets of the , and the sockets of the vail; an hundred sockets of the hundred talents, a  for a socket.

 And of the thousand  hundred seventy and five shekels he made hooks for the pillars, and overlaid their chapiters, and filleted them.

 And the  of the  was seventy talents, and two thousand and four hundred shekels.

 And therewith he made the sockets to the door of the  of the , and the brasen , and the brasen  for it, and all the vessels of the ,

 And the sockets of the court round about, and the sockets of the court , and all the pins of the , and all the pins of the court round about.
