King James Version: Exodus: Exodus Chapter
King James Version: Exodus Chapter
Moreover thou shalt make the  with ten curtains of fine twined , and , and purple, and : with cherubims of cunning work shalt thou make them.

 The length of one  shall be eight and twenty cubits, and the breadth of one  four cubits: and every one of the curtains shall have one measure.

 The five curtains shall be coupled together one to another; and other five curtains shall be coupled one to another.

 And thou shalt make loops of  upon the edge of the one  from the selvedge in the coupling; and likewise shalt thou make in the uttermost edge of another , in the coupling of the second.

 Fifty loops shalt thou make in the one , and fifty loops shalt thou make in the edge of the  that is in the coupling of the second; that the loops may take hold one of another.

 And thou shalt make fifty  of , and couple the curtains together with the : and it shall be one .

 And thou shalt make curtains of goats' hair to be a covering upon the : eleven curtains shalt thou make.

 The length of one  shall be thirty cubits, and the breadth of one  four cubits: and the eleven curtains shall be all of one measure.

 And thou shalt couple five curtains by themselves, and six curtains by themselves, and shalt double the sixth  in the forefront of the .

 And thou shalt make fifty loops on the edge of the one  that is outmost in the coupling, and fifty loops in the edge of the  which coupleth the second.

 And thou shalt make fifty  of , and put the  into the loops, and couple the  together, that it may be one.

 And the remnant that remaineth of the curtains of the , the half  that remaineth, shall hang over the backside of the .

 And a  on the one side, and a  on the other side of that which remaineth in the length of the curtains of the , it shall hang over the sides of the  on this side and on that side, to cover it.

 And thou shalt make a covering for the  of rams' skins dyed red, and a covering above of badgers' skins.

 And thou shalt make boards for the  of   standing up.

 Ten cubits shall be the length of a board, and a  and a half shall be the breadth of one board.

 Two tenons shall there be in one board, set in order one against another: thus shalt thou make for all the boards of the .

 And thou shalt make the boards for the , twenty boards on the south side southward.

 And thou shalt make forty sockets of  under the twenty boards; two sockets under one board for his two tenons, and two sockets under another board for his two tenons.

 And for the second side of the  on the north side there shall be twenty boards:

 And their forty sockets of ; two sockets under one board, and two sockets under another board.

 And for the sides of the   thou shalt make six boards.

 And two boards shalt thou make for the corners of the  in the two sides.

 And they shall be coupled together beneath, and they shall be coupled together above the head of it unto one : thus shall it be for them both; they shall be for the two corners.

 And they shall be eight boards, and their sockets of , sixteen sockets; two sockets under one board, and two sockets under another board.

 And thou shalt make bars of  ; five for the boards of the one side of the ,

 And five bars for the boards of the other side of the , and five bars for the boards of the side of the , for the two sides .

 And the middle bar in the midst of the boards shall reach from end to end.

 And thou shalt overlay the boards with , and make their rings of  for places for the bars: and thou shalt overlay the bars with .

 And thou shalt rear up the  according to the fashion thereof which was shewed thee in the .

 And thou shalt make a vail of , and purple, and , and fine twined  of cunning work: with cherubims shall it be made:

 And thou shalt hang it upon four pillars of   overlaid with : their hooks shall be of , upon the four sockets of .

 And thou shalt hang up the vail under the , that thou mayest bring in thither within the vail the  of the : and the vail shall divide unto you between the holy place and the most holy.

 And thou shalt put the  seat upon the  of the  in the most holy place.

 And thou shalt set the table without the vail, and the  over against the table on the side of the  toward the south: and thou shalt put the table on the north side.

 And thou shalt make an  for the door of the , of , and purple, and , and fine twined , wrought with needlework.

 And thou shalt make for the  five pillars of  , and overlay them with , and their hooks shall be of : and thou shalt cast five sockets of  for them.
