King James Version: Exodus: Exodus Chapter
King James Version: Exodus Chapter
And  made the  of  : two cubits and a half was the length of it, and a  and a half the breadth of it, and a  and a half the height of it:

 And he overlaid it with pure  within and without, and made a  of  to it round about.

 And he cast for it four rings of , to be set by the four corners of it; even two rings upon the one side of it, and two rings upon the other side of it.

 And he made staves of  , and overlaid them with .

 And he put the staves into the rings by the sides of the , to bear the .

 And he made the  seat of pure : two cubits and a half was the length thereof, and one  and a half the breadth thereof.

 And he made two cherubims of , beaten out of one piece made he them, on the two ends of the  seat;

 One  on the end on this side, and another  on the other end on that side: out of the  seat made he the cherubims on the two ends thereof.

 And the cherubims spread out their wings on high, and covered with their wings over the  seat, with their faces one to another; even to the  seatward were the faces of the cherubims.

 And he made the table of  : two cubits was the length thereof, and a  the breadth thereof, and a  and a half the height thereof:

 And he overlaid it with pure , and made thereunto a  of  round about.

 Also he made thereunto a border of an  round about; and made a  of  for the border thereof round about.

 And he cast for it four rings of , and put the rings upon the four corners that were in the four feet thereof.

 Over against the border were the rings, the places for the staves to bear the table.

 And he made the staves of  , and overlaid them with , to bear the table.

 And he made the vessels which were upon the table, his dishes, and his spoons, and his bowls, and his covers to cover withal, of pure .

 And he made the  of pure : of beaten work made he the ; his shaft, and his , his bowls, his knops, and his , were of the same:

 And six branches going out of the sides thereof; three branches of the  out of the one side thereof, and three branches of the  out of the other side thereof:

 Three bowls made after the fashion of almonds in one , a  and a flower; and three bowls made like almonds in another , a  and a flower: so throughout the six branches going out of the .

 And in the  were four bowls made like almonds, his knops, and his :

 And a  under two branches of the same, and a  under two branches of the same, and a  under two branches of the same, according to the six branches going out of it.

 Their knops and their branches were of the same: all of it was one beaten work of pure .

 And he made his  lamps, and his snuffers, and his snuffdishes, of pure .

 Of a  of pure  made he it, and all the vessels thereof.

 And he made the   of  : the length of it was a , and the breadth of it a ; it was foursquare; and two cubits was the height of it; the horns thereof were of the same.

 And he overlaid it with pure , both the top of it, and the sides thereof round about, and the horns of it: also he made unto it a  of  round about.

 And he made two rings of  for it under the  thereof, by the two corners of it, upon the two sides thereof, to be places for the staves to bear it withal.

 And he made the staves of  , and overlaid them with .

 And he made the holy anointing oil, and the pure  of sweet , according to the work of the .
