King James Version: Exodus: Exodus Chapter
King James Version: Exodus Chapter
And of the , and purple, and , they made cloths of service, to do service in the holy place, and made the holy garments for ; as the LORD commanded .

 And he made the  of , , and purple, and , and fine twined .

 And they did beat the  into thin plates, and cut it into wires, to work it in the , and in the purple, and in the , and in the fine , with cunning work.

 They made shoulderpieces for it, to couple it together: by the two edges was it coupled together.

 And the curious  of his , that was upon it, was of the same, according to the work thereof; of , , and purple, and , and fine twined ; as the LORD commanded .

 And they wrought  stones inclosed in  of , graven, as signets are graven, with the names of the children of .

 And he put them on the shoulders of the , that they should be stones for a memorial to the children of ; as the LORD commanded .

 And he made the  of cunning work, like the work of the ; of , , and purple, and , and fine twined .

 It was foursquare; they made the  double: a span was the length thereof, and a span the breadth thereof, being doubled.

 And they set in it four rows of stones: the first row was a sardius, a , and a : this was the first row.

 And the second row, an , a , and a .

 And the third row, a , an , and an .

 And the fourth row, a , an , and a : they were inclosed in  of  in their inclosings.

 And the stones were according to the names of the children of , twelve, according to their names, like the engravings of a , every one with his name, according to the twelve tribes.

 And they made upon the  chains at the ends, of wreathen work of pure .

 And they made two  of , and two  rings; and put the two rings in the two ends of the .

 And they put the two wreathen chains of  in the two rings on the ends of the .

 And the two ends of the two wreathen chains they fastened in the two , and put them on the shoulderpieces of the , before it.

 And they made two rings of , and put them on the two ends of the , upon the border of it, which was on the side of the  inward.

 And they made two other golden rings, and put them on the two sides of the  underneath, toward the forepart of it, over against the other coupling thereof, above the curious  of the .

 And they did bind the  by his rings unto the rings of the  with a lace of , that it might be above the curious  of the , and that the  might not be loosed from the ; as the LORD commanded .

 And he made the robe of the  of woven work, all of .

 And there was an hole in the midst of the robe, as the hole of an , with a band round about the hole, that it should not rend.

 And they made upon the hems of the robe pomegranates of , and purple, and , and twined .

 And they made bells of pure , and put the bells between the pomegranates upon the  of the robe, round about between the pomegranates;

 A  and a , a  and a , round about the  of the robe to  in; as the LORD commanded .

 And they made coats of fine  of woven work for , and for his sons,

 And a  of fine , and goodly bonnets of fine , and   of fine twined ,

 And a  of fine twined , and , and purple, and , of needlework; as the LORD commanded .

 And they made the plate of the holy  of pure , and wrote upon it a , like to the engravings of a ,  TO THE LORD.

 And they tied unto it a lace of , to fasten it on high upon the ; as the LORD commanded .

 Thus was all the work of the  of the  of the  finished: and the children of  did according to all that the LORD commanded , so did they.

 And they brought the  unto , the , and all his furniture, his , his boards, his bars, and his pillars, and his sockets,

 And the covering of rams' skins dyed red, and the covering of badgers' skins, and the vail of the covering,

 The  of the , and the staves thereof, and the  seat,

 The table, and all the vessels thereof, and the ,

 The pure , with the lamps thereof, even with the lamps to be set in order, and all the vessels thereof, and the oil for light,

 And the golden , and the anointing oil, and the sweet , and the  for the  door,

 The brasen , and his  of , his staves, and all his vessels, the  and his foot,

 The hangings of the court, his pillars, and his sockets, and the  for the court , his cords, and his pins, and all the vessels of the service of the , for the  of the ,

 The cloths of service to do service in the holy place, and the holy garments for  the , and his sons' garments, to  in the priest's office.

 According to all that the LORD commanded , so the children of  made all the work.

 And  did look upon all the work, and, behold, they had done it as the LORD had commanded, even so had they done it: and  blessed them.
