King James Version: Exodus: Exodus Chapter
King James Version: Exodus Chapter
And take thou unto thee  thy brother, and his sons with him, from among the children of , that he may  unto me in the priest's office, even ,  and ,  and , Aaron's sons.

 And thou shalt make holy garments for  thy brother for  and for beauty.

 And thou shalt speak unto all that are  hearted, whom I have filled with the  of wisdom, that they may make Aaron's garments to consecrate him, that he may  unto me in the priest's office.

 And these are the garments which they shall make; a , and an , and a robe, and a broidered , a , and a : and they shall make holy garments for  thy brother, and his sons, that he may  unto me in the priest's office.

 And they shall take , and , and purple, and , and fine .

 And they shall make the  of , of , and of purple, of , and fine twined , with cunning work.

 It shall have the two shoulderpieces thereof joined at the two edges thereof; and so it shall be joined together.

 And the curious  of the , which is upon it, shall be of the same, according to the work thereof; even of , of , and purple, and , and fine twined .

 And thou shalt take two  stones, and  on them the names of the children of :

 Six of their names on one , and the other six names of the rest on the other , according to their .

 With the work of an  in , like the engravings of a , shalt thou engrave the two stones with the names of the children of : thou shalt make them to be set in  of .

 And thou shalt put the two stones upon the shoulders of the  for stones of memorial unto the children of : and  shall bear their names before the LORD upon his two shoulders for a memorial.

 And thou shalt make  of ;

 And two chains of pure  at the ends; of wreathen work shalt thou make them, and fasten the wreathen chains to the .

 And thou shalt make the  of judgment with cunning work; after the work of the  thou shalt make it; of , of , and of purple, and of , and of fine twined , shalt thou make it.

 Foursquare it shall be being doubled; a span shall be the length thereof, and a span shall be the breadth thereof.

 And thou shalt set in it settings of stones, even four rows of stones: the first row shall be a sardius, a , and a : this shall be the first row.

 And the second row shall be an , a , and a .

 And the third row a , an , and an .

 And the fourth row a , and an , and a : they shall be set in  in their inclosings.

 And the stones shall be with the names of the children of , twelve, according to their names, like the engravings of a ; every one with his name shall they be according to the twelve tribes.

 And thou shalt make upon the  chains at the ends of wreathen work of pure .

 And thou shalt make upon the  two rings of , and shalt put the two rings on the two ends of the .

 And thou shalt put the two wreathen chains of  in the two rings which are on the ends of the .

 And the other two ends of the two wreathen chains thou shalt fasten in the two , and put them on the shoulderpieces of the  before it.

 And thou shalt make two rings of , and thou shalt put them upon the two ends of the  in the border thereof, which is in the side of the  inward.

 And two other rings of  thou shalt make, and shalt put them on the two sides of the  underneath, toward the forepart thereof, over against the other coupling thereof, above the curious  of the .

 And they shall bind the  by the rings thereof unto the rings of the  with a lace of , that it may be above the curious  of the , and that the  be not loosed from the .

 And  shall bear the names of the children of  in the  of judgment upon his heart, when he goeth in unto the holy place, for a memorial before the LORD continually.

 And thou shalt put in the  of judgment the  and the ; and they shall be upon Aaron's heart, when he goeth in before the LORD: and  shall bear the judgment of the children of  upon his heart before the LORD continually.

 And thou shalt make the robe of the  all of .

 And there shall be an hole in the top of it, in the midst thereof: it shall have a binding of woven work round about the hole of it, as it were the hole of an , that it be not .

 And beneath upon the  of it thou shalt make pomegranates of , and of purple, and of , round about the  thereof; and bells of  between them round about:

 A golden  and a , a golden  and a , upon the  of the robe round about.

 And it shall be upon  to : and his sound shall be heard when he goeth in unto the holy place before the LORD, and when he cometh out, that he die not.

 And thou shalt make a plate of pure , and  upon it, like the engravings of a ,  TO THE LORD.

 And thou shalt put it on a  lace, that it may be upon the ; upon the forefront of the  it shall be.

 And it shall be upon Aaron's , that  may bear the iniquity of the holy things, which the children of  shall  in all their holy gifts; and it shall be always upon his , that they may be accepted before the LORD.

 And thou shalt  the  of fine , and thou shalt make the  of fine , and thou shalt make the  of needlework.

 And for Aaron's sons thou shalt make coats, and thou shalt make for them girdles, and bonnets shalt thou make for them, for  and for beauty.

 And thou shalt put them upon  thy brother, and his sons with him; and shalt  them, and consecrate them, and sanctify them, that they may  unto me in the priest's office.

 And thou shalt make them   to cover their nakedness; from the loins even unto the thighs they shall reach:

 And they shall be upon , and upon his sons, when they come in unto the  of the , or when they come near unto the  to  in the holy place; that they bear not iniquity, and die: it shall be a statute for ever unto him and his seed after him.
