King James Version: Exodus: Exodus Chapter
King James Version: Exodus Chapter
And they took their  from , and all the  of the children of  came unto the  of , which is between  and , on the fifteenth day of the second month after their departing out of the land of .

 And the whole  of the children of  murmured against  and  in the :

 And the children of  said unto them, Would to God we had died by the hand of the LORD in the land of , when we sat by the  pots, and when we did eat  to the full; for ye have brought us forth into this , to kill this whole assembly with hunger.

 Then said the LORD unto , Behold, I will   from  for you; and the people shall go out and gather a certain rate every day, that I may prove them, whether they will walk in my law, or no.

 And it shall come to pass, that on the sixth day they shall prepare that which they bring in; and it shall be twice as much as they gather daily.

 And  and  said unto all the children of , At even, then ye shall know that the LORD hath brought you out from the land of :

 And in the morning, then ye shall see the  of the LORD; for that he heareth your murmurings against the LORD: and what are we, that ye murmur against us?

 And  said, This shall be, when the LORD shall give you in the evening  to eat, and in the morning  to the full; for that the LORD heareth your murmurings which ye murmur against him: and what are we? your murmurings are not against us, but against the LORD.

 And  spake unto , Say unto all the  of the children of , Come near before the LORD: for he hath heard your murmurings.

 And it came to pass, as  spake unto the whole  of the children of , that they looked toward the , and, behold, the  of the LORD appeared in the .

 And the LORD spake unto , saying,

 I have heard the murmurings of the children of : speak unto them, saying, At even ye shall eat , and in the morning ye shall be filled with ; and ye shall know that I am the LORD your God.

 And it came to pass, that at even the  came up, and covered the : and in the morning the  lay round about the .

 And when the  that lay was gone up, behold, upon the face of the  there lay a small round thing, as small as the hoar  on the ground.

 And when the children of  saw it, they said one to another, It is : for they wist not what it was. And  said unto them, This is the  which the LORD hath given you to eat.

 This is the thing which the LORD hath commanded, Gather of it every man according to his , an  for every man, according to the number of your persons; take ye every man for them which are in his tents.

 And the children of  did so, and gathered, some more, some less.

 And when they did mete it with an , he that gathered much had nothing over, and he that gathered little had no lack; they gathered every man according to his .

 And  said, Let no man leave of it till the morning.

 Notwithstanding they hearkened not unto ; but some of them left of it until the morning, and it bred worms, and stank: and  was wroth with them.

 And they gathered it every morning, every man according to his : and when the  waxed hot, it melted.

 And it came to pass, that on the sixth day they gathered twice as much , two omers for one man: and all the rulers of the  came and told .

 And he said unto them, This is that which the LORD hath said, To morrow is the rest of the holy  unto the LORD:  that which ye will  to day, and  that ye will ; and that which remaineth over lay up for you to be kept until the morning.

 And they laid it up till the morning, as  bade: and it did not stink, neither was there any  therein.

 And  said, Eat that to day; for to day is a  unto the LORD: to day ye shall not find it in the field.

 Six days ye shall gather it; but on the seventh day, which is the , in it there shall be none.

 And it came to pass, that there went out some of the people on the seventh day for to gather, and they found none.

 And the LORD said unto , How long refuse ye to keep my commandments and my laws?

 See, for that the LORD hath given you the , therefore he giveth you on the sixth day the  of two days; abide ye every man in his place, let no man go out of his place on the seventh day.

 So the people rested on the seventh day.

 And the house of  called the name thereof : and it was like  seed, white; and the taste of it was like  made with .

 And  said, This is the thing which the LORD commandeth, Fill an  of it to be kept for your generations; that they may see the  wherewith I have fed you in the , when I brought you forth from the land of .

 And  said unto , Take a pot, and put an  full of  therein, and lay it up before the LORD, to be kept for your generations.

 As the LORD commanded , so  laid it up before the , to be kept.

 And the children of  did eat  forty years, until they came to a land inhabited; they did eat , until they came unto the borders of the land of .

 Now an  is the tenth part of an .
