King James Version: Exodus: Exodus Chapter
King James Version: Exodus Chapter
And he said unto , Come up unto the LORD, thou, and , , and , and seventy of the elders of ; and  ye afar off.

 And  alone shall come near the LORD: but they shall not come nigh; neither shall the people go up with him.

 And  came and told the people all the words of the LORD, and all the judgments: and all the people answered with one voice, and said, All the words which the LORD hath said will we do.

 And  wrote all the words of the LORD, and rose up early in the morning, and builded an  under the hill, and twelve pillars, according to the twelve tribes of .

 And he sent young men of the children of , which offered burnt offerings, and sacrificed peace offerings of oxen unto the LORD.

 And  took half of the , and put it in basons; and half of the  he sprinkled on the .

 And he took the book of the , and read in the audience of the people: and they said, All that the LORD hath said will we do, and be obedient.

 And  took the , and sprinkled it on the people, and said, Behold the  of the , which the LORD hath made with you concerning all these words.

 Then went up , and , , and , and seventy of the elders of :

 And they saw the God of : and there was under his feet as it were a paved work of a  , and as it were the body of  in his clearness.

 And upon the nobles of the children of  he laid not his hand: also they saw God, and did eat and .

 And the LORD said unto , Come up to me into the , and be there: and I will give thee  of , and a law, and commandments which I have written; that thou mayest teach them.

 And  rose up, and his  : and  went up into the  of God.

 And he said unto the elders, Tarry ye here for us, until we come again unto you: and, behold,  and  are with you: if any man have any matters to do, let him come unto them.

 And  went up into the , and a  covered the .

 And the  of the LORD abode upon  , and the  covered it six days: and the seventh day he called unto  out of the midst of the .

 And the sight of the  of the LORD was like devouring fire on the top of the  in the eyes of the children of .

 And  went into the midst of the , and gat him up into the : and  was in the  forty days and forty nights.
