King James Version: Exodus: Exodus Chapter
King James Version: Exodus Chapter
And all the  of the children of  journeyed from the  of , after their journeys, according to the commandment of the LORD, and pitched in : and there was no water for the people to .

 Wherefore the people did chide with , and said, Give us water that we may . And  said unto them, Why chide ye with me? wherefore do ye tempt the LORD?

 And the people thirsted there for water; and the people murmured against , and said, Wherefore is this that thou hast brought us up out of , to kill us and our children and our  with thirst?

 And  cried unto the LORD, saying, What shall I do unto this people? they be almost ready to  me.

 And the LORD said unto , Go on before the people, and take with thee of the elders of ; and thy rod, wherewith thou smotest the river, take in thine hand, and go.

 Behold, I will stand before thee there upon the  in ; and thou shalt smite the , and there shall come water out of it, that the people may . And  did so in the sight of the elders of .

 And he called the name of the place , and , because of the chiding of the children of , and because they tempted the LORD, saying, Is the LORD among us, or not?

 Then came , and fought with  in .

 And  said unto , Choose us out men, and go out, fight with : to morrow I will stand on the top of the hill with the rod of God in mine hand.

 So  did as  had said to him, and fought with : and , , and  went up to the top of the hill.

 And it came to pass, when  held up his hand, that  prevailed: and when he let down his hand,  prevailed.

 But  hands were heavy; and they took a , and put it under him, and he sat thereon; and  and  stayed up his hands, the one on the one side, and the other on the other side; and his hands were steady until the going down of the .

 And  discomfited  and his people with the edge of the .

 And the LORD said unto , Write this for a memorial in a book, and rehearse it in the ears of : for I will utterly put out the remembrance of  from under .

 And  built an , and called the name of it Jehovahnissi:

 For he said, Because the LORD hath sworn that the LORD will have war with  from  to .
