King James Version: Exodus: Exodus Chapter
King James Version: Exodus Chapter
And thou shalt make an  to burn  upon: of   shalt thou make it.

 A  shall be the length thereof, and a  the breadth thereof; foursquare shall it be: and two cubits shall be the height thereof: the horns thereof shall be of the same.

 And thou shalt overlay it with pure , the top thereof, and the sides thereof round about, and the horns thereof; and thou shalt make unto it a  of  round about.

 And two golden rings shalt thou make to it under the  of it, by the two corners thereof, upon the two sides of it shalt thou make it; and they shall be for places for the staves to bear it withal.

 And thou shalt make the staves of  , and overlay them with .

 And thou shalt put it before the vail that is by the  of the , before the  seat that is over the , where I will meet with thee.

 And  shall burn thereon sweet  every morning: when he dresseth the lamps, he shall burn  upon it.

 And when  lighteth the lamps at even, he shall burn  upon it, a perpetual  before the LORD throughout your generations.

 Ye shall offer no strange  thereon, nor burnt , nor meat ; neither shall ye pour   thereon.

 And  shall make an  upon the horns of it once in a year with the  of the   of atonements: once in the year shall he make  upon it throughout your generations: it is most holy unto the LORD.

 And the LORD spake unto , saying,

 When thou takest the sum of the children of  after their number, then shall they give every man a  for his soul unto the LORD, when thou numberest them; that there be no  among them, when thou numberest them.

 This they shall give, every one that passeth among them that are numbered, half a  after the  of the : (a  is twenty gerahs:) an half  shall be the  of the LORD.

 Every one that passeth among them that are numbered, from twenty years old and above, shall give an  unto the LORD.

 The rich shall not give more, and the  shall not give less than half a , when they give an  unto the LORD, to make an  for your souls.

 And thou shalt take the  money of the children of , and shalt appoint it for the service of the  of the ; that it may be a memorial unto the children of  before the LORD, to make an  for your souls.

 And the LORD spake unto , saying,

 Thou shalt also make a  of , and his foot also of , to wash withal: and thou shalt put it between the  of the  and the , and thou shalt put water therein.

 For  and his sons shall wash their hands and their feet thereat:

 When they go into the  of the , they shall wash with water, that they die not; or when they come near to the  to , to burn  made by fire unto the LORD:

 So they shall wash their hands and their feet, that they die not: and it shall be a statute for ever to them, even to him and to his seed throughout their generations.

 Moreover the LORD spake unto , saying,

 Take thou also unto thee principal , of pure  five hundred shekels, and of sweet  half so much, even two hundred and fifty shekels, and of sweet  two hundred and fifty shekels,

 And of  five hundred shekels, after the  of the , and of oil  an hin:

 And thou shalt make it an oil of holy , an  compound after the art of the : it shall be an holy anointing oil.

 And thou shalt  the  of the  therewith, and the  of the ,

 And the table and all his vessels, and the  and his vessels, and the  of ,

 And the  of burnt  with all his vessels, and the  and his foot.

 And thou shalt sanctify them, that they may be most holy: whatsoever toucheth them shall be holy.

 And thou shalt   and his sons, and consecrate them, that they may  unto me in the priest's office.

 And thou shalt speak unto the children of , saying, This shall be an holy anointing oil unto me throughout your generations.

 Upon man's  shall it not be poured, neither shall ye make any other like it, after the composition of it: it is holy, and it shall be holy unto you.

 Whosoever compoundeth any like it, or whosoever putteth any of it upon a , shall even be cut off from his people.

 And the LORD said unto , Take unto thee sweet , , and , and ; these sweet  with pure : of each shall there be a like weight:

 And thou shalt make it a perfume, a  after the art of the , tempered together, pure and holy:

 And thou shalt beat some of it very small, and put of it before the  in the  of the , where I will meet with thee: it shall be unto you most holy.

 And as for the perfume which thou shalt make, ye shall not make to yourselves according to the composition thereof: it shall be unto thee holy for the LORD.

 Whosoever shall make like unto that, to smell thereto, shall even be cut off from his people.
