King James Version: Exodus: Exodus Chapter
King James Version: Exodus Chapter
And afterward  and  went in, and told , Thus saith the LORD God of , Let my people go, that they may hold a  unto me in the .

 And  said, Who is the LORD, that I should obey his voice to let  go? I know not the LORD, neither will I let  go.

 And they said, The God of the  hath met with us: let us go, we pray thee, three days'  into the , and  unto the LORD our God; lest he fall upon us with pestilence, or with the .

 And the  of  said unto them, Wherefore do ye,  and , let the people from their works? get you unto your burdens.

 And  said, Behold, the people of the land now are many, and ye make them rest from their burdens.

 And  commanded the same day the taskmasters of the people, and their officers, saying,

 Ye shall no more give the people  to make brick, as heretofore: let them go and gather  for themselves.

 And the  of the , which they did make heretofore, ye shall lay upon them; ye shall not diminish ought thereof: for they be idle; therefore they cry, saying, Let us go and  to our God.

 Let there more work be laid upon the men, that they may labour therein; and let them not regard vain words.

 And the taskmasters of the people went out, and their officers, and they spake to the people, saying, Thus saith , I will not give you .

 Go ye, get you  where ye can find it: yet not ought of your work shall be diminished.

 So the people were scattered abroad throughout all the land of  to gather stubble instead of .

 And the taskmasters hasted them, saying, Fulfil your works, your daily tasks, as when there was .

 And the officers of the children of , which Pharaoh's taskmasters had set over them, were beaten, and demanded, Wherefore have ye not fulfilled your task in making brick both yesterday and to day, as heretofore?

 Then the officers of the children of  came and cried unto , saying, Wherefore dealest thou thus with thy servants?

 There is no  given unto thy servants, and they say to us, Make brick: and, behold, thy servants are beaten; but the fault is in thine own people.

 But he said, Ye are idle, ye are idle: therefore ye say, Let us go and do  to the LORD.

 Go therefore now, and work; for there shall no  be given you, yet shall ye deliver the  of .

 And the officers of the children of  did see that they were in evil case, after it was said, Ye shall not minish ought from your  of your daily task.

 And they met  and , who stood in the way, as they came forth from :

 And they said unto them, The LORD look upon you, and ; because ye have made our savour to be abhorred in the eyes of , and in the eyes of his servants, to put a  in their hand to slay us.

 And  returned unto the LORD, and said, LORD, wherefore hast thou so evil entreated this people? why is it that thou hast sent me?

 For since I came to  to speak in thy name, he hath done evil to this people; neither hast thou delivered thy people at all.
