King James Version: Exodus: Exodus Chapter
King James Version: Exodus Chapter
And the LORD said unto , Hew thee two  of  like unto the first: and I will write upon these  the words that were in the first , which thou brakest.

 And be ready in the morning, and come up in the morning unto  , and present thyself there to me in the top of the .

 And no man shall come up with thee, neither let any man be seen throughout all the ; neither let the flocks nor herds feed before that .

 And he hewed two  of  like unto the first; and  rose up early in the morning, and went up unto  , as the LORD had commanded him, and took in his hand the two  of .

 And the LORD descended in the , and stood with him there, and proclaimed the name of the LORD.

 And the LORD passed by before him, and proclaimed, The LORD, The LORD God, merciful and gracious, longsuffering, and abundant in  and truth,

 Keeping  for , forgiving iniquity and transgression and , and that will by no means clear the guilty; visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon the children, and upon the children's children, unto the third and to the fourth .

 And  made haste, and bowed his head toward the earth, and worshipped.

 And he said, If now I have found  in thy sight, O LORD, let my LORD, I pray thee, go among us; for it is a stiffnecked people; and  our iniquity and our , and take us for thine inheritance.

 And he said, Behold, I make a : before all thy people I will do marvels, such as have not been done in all the earth, nor in any nation: and all the people among which thou art shall see the work of the LORD: for it is a terrible thing that I will do with thee.

 Observe thou that which I command thee this day: behold, I drive out before thee the Amorite, and the , and the Hittite, and the Perizzite, and the Hivite, and the Jebusite.

 Take heed to thyself, lest thou make a  with the inhabitants of the land whither thou goest, lest it be for a  in the midst of thee:

 But ye shall destroy their altars, break their images, and cut down their groves:

 For thou shalt  no other god: for the LORD, whose name is Jealous, is a jealous God:

 Lest thou make a  with the inhabitants of the land, and they go a whoring after their gods, and do  unto their gods, and one call thee, and thou eat of his ;

 And thou take of their daughters unto thy sons, and their daughters go a whoring after their gods, and make thy sons go a whoring after their gods.

 Thou shalt make thee no molten gods.

 The  of unleavened  shalt thou keep.  days thou shalt eat unleavened , as I commanded thee, in the time of the month : for in the month  thou camest out from .

 All that openeth the matrix is mine; and every firstling among thy , whether  or , that is male.

 But the firstling of an  thou shalt redeem with a : and if thou redeem him not, then shalt thou break his . All the firstborn of thy sons thou shalt redeem. And none shall appear before me empty.

 Six days thou shalt work, but on the seventh day thou shalt rest: in  time and in  thou shalt rest.

 And thou shalt observe the  of weeks, of the firstfruits of  , and the  of ingathering at the year's end.

 Thrice in the year shall all your menchildren appear before the LORD God, the God of .

 For I will cast out the nations before thee, and enlarge thy borders: neither shall any man desire thy land, when thou shalt go up to appear before the LORD thy God thrice in the year.

 Thou shalt not offer the  of my  with ; neither shall the  of the  of the  be left unto the morning.

 The first of the firstfruits of thy land thou shalt bring unto the house of the LORD thy God. Thou shalt not  a kid in his mother's .

 And the LORD said unto , Write thou these words: for after the tenor of these words I have made a  with thee and with .

 And he was there with the LORD forty days and forty nights; he did neither eat , nor  water. And he wrote upon the  the words of the , the ten commandments.

 And it came to pass, when  came down from   with the two  of  in Moses' hand, when he came down from the , that  wist not that the skin of his face shone while he talked with him.

 And when  and all the children of  saw , behold, the skin of his face shone; and they were afraid to come nigh him.

 And  called unto them; and  and all the rulers of the  returned unto him: and  talked with them.

 And afterward all the children of  came nigh: and he gave them in commandment all that the LORD had spoken with him in  .

 And till  had done speaking with them, he put a vail on his face.

 But when  went in before the LORD to speak with him, he took the vail off, until he came out. And he came out, and spake unto the children of  that which he was commanded.

 And the children of  saw the face of , that the skin of Moses' face shone: and  put the vail upon his face again, until he went in to speak with him.
