King James Version: Exodus: Exodus Chapter
King James Version: Exodus Chapter
And the LORD said unto , See, I have made thee a god to : and  thy brother shall be thy .

 Thou shalt speak all that I command thee: and  thy brother shall speak unto , that he send the children of  out of his land.

 And I will harden Pharaoh's heart, and multiply my signs and my wonders in the land of .

 But  shall not hearken unto you, that I may lay my hand upon , and bring forth mine armies, and my people the children of , out of the land of  by great judgments.

 And the Egyptians shall know that I am the LORD, when I stretch forth mine hand upon , and bring out the children of  from among them.

 And  and  did as the LORD commanded them, so did they.

 And  was fourscore years old, and  fourscore and three years old, when they spake unto .

 And the LORD spake unto  and unto , saying,

 When  shall speak unto you, saying, Shew a  for you: then thou shalt say unto , Take thy rod, and cast it before , and it shall become a .

 And  and  went in unto , and they did so as the LORD had commanded: and  cast down his rod before , and before his servants, and it became a .

 Then  also called the  men and the sorcerers: now the  of , they also did in like manner with their .

 For they cast down every man his rod, and they became serpents: but Aaron's rod swallowed up their rods.

 And he hardened Pharaoh's heart, that he hearkened not unto them; as the LORD had said.

 And the LORD said unto , Pharaoh's heart is hardened, he refuseth to let the people go.

 Get thee unto  in the morning; lo, he goeth out unto the water; and thou shalt stand by the river's brink against he come; and the rod which was turned to a  shalt thou take in thine hand.

 And thou shalt say unto him, The LORD God of the  hath sent me unto thee, saying, Let my people go, that they may serve me in the : and, behold, hitherto thou wouldest not hear.

 Thus saith the LORD, In this thou shalt know that I am the LORD: behold, I will smite with the rod that is in mine hand upon the waters which are in the river, and they shall be turned to .

 And the  that is in the river shall die, and the river shall stink; and the Egyptians shall lothe to  of the water of the river.

 And the LORD spake unto , Say unto , Take thy rod, and stretch out thine hand upon the waters of , upon their streams, upon their rivers, and upon their ponds, and upon all their pools of water, that they may become ; and that there may be  throughout all the land of , both in vessels of , and in vessels of .

 And  and  did so, as the LORD commanded; and he lifted up the rod, and smote the waters that were in the river, in the sight of , and in the sight of his servants; and all the waters that were in the river were turned to .

 And the  that was in the river died; and the river stank, and the Egyptians could not  of the water of the river; and there was  throughout all the land of .

 And the  of  did so with their : and Pharaoh's heart was hardened, neither did he hearken unto them; as the LORD had said.

 And  turned and went into his house, neither did he set his heart to this also.

 And all the Egyptians digged round about the river for water to ; for they could not  of the water of the river.

 And  days were fulfilled, after that the LORD had smitten the river.
