King James Version: Exodus: Exodus Chapter
King James Version: Exodus Chapter
And this is the thing that thou shalt do unto them to  them, to  unto me in the priest's office: Take one young , and two rams without ,

 And unleavened , and cakes unleavened tempered with oil, and  unleavened anointed with oil: of wheaten  shalt thou make them.

 And thou shalt put them into one , and bring them in the , with the  and the two rams.

 And  and his sons thou shalt bring unto the door of the  of the , and shalt wash them with water.

 And thou shalt take the garments, and put upon  the , and the robe of the , and the , and the , and gird him with the curious  of the :

 And thou shalt put the  upon his head, and put the holy  upon the .

 Then shalt thou take the anointing oil, and pour it upon his head, and  him.

 And thou shalt bring his sons, and put coats upon them.

 And thou shalt gird them with girdles,  and his sons, and put the bonnets on them: and the priest's office shall be theirs for a perpetual statute: and thou shalt consecrate  and his sons.

 And thou shalt cause a  to be brought before the  of the : and  and his sons shall put their hands upon the head of the .

 And thou shalt kill the  before the LORD, by the door of the  of the .

 And thou shalt take of the  of the , and put it upon the horns of the  with thy finger, and pour all the  beside the bottom of the .

 And thou shalt take all the  that covereth the inwards, and the  that is above the , and the two kidneys, and the  that is upon them, and burn them upon the .

 But the  of the , and his skin, and his , shalt thou burn with fire without the : it is a  .

 Thou shalt also take one ; and  and his sons shall put their hands upon the head of the .

 And thou shalt slay the , and thou shalt take his , and sprinkle it round about upon the .

 And thou shalt cut the  in , and wash the inwards of him, and his legs, and put them unto his , and unto his head.

 And thou shalt burn the whole  upon the : it is a burnt  unto the LORD: it is a sweet savour, an  made by fire unto the LORD.

 And thou shalt take the other ; and  and his sons shall put their hands upon the head of the .

 Then shalt thou kill the , and take of his , and put it upon the tip of the right  of , and upon the tip of the right  of his sons, and upon the thumb of their right hand, and upon the great toe of their right foot, and sprinkle the  upon the  round about.

 And thou shalt take of the  that is upon the , and of the anointing oil, and sprinkle it upon , and upon his garments, and upon his sons, and upon the garments of his sons with him: and he shall be hallowed, and his garments, and his sons, and his sons' garments with him.

 Also thou shalt take of the  the  and the rump, and the  that covereth the inwards, and the  above the , and the two kidneys, and the  that is upon them, and the right shoulder; for it is a  of :

 And one loaf of , and one  of oiled , and one wafer out of the  of the unleavened  that is before the LORD:

 And thou shalt put all in the hands of , and in the hands of his sons; and shalt wave them for a wave  before the LORD.

 And thou shalt receive them of their hands, and burn them upon the  for a burnt , for a sweet savour before the LORD: it is an  made by fire unto the LORD.

 And thou shalt take the breast of the  of Aaron's , and wave it for a wave  before the LORD: and it shall be thy part.

 And thou shalt sanctify the breast of the wave , and the shoulder of the heave , which is waved, and which is heaved up, of the  of the , even of that which is for , and of that which is for his sons:

 And it shall be Aaron's and his sons' by a statute for ever from the children of : for it is an heave : and it shall be an heave  from the children of  of the  of their peace offerings, even their heave  unto the LORD.

 And the holy garments of  shall be his sons' after him, to be anointed therein, and to be consecrated in them.

 And that son that is  in his stead shall put them on  days, when he cometh into the  of the  to  in the holy place.

 And thou shalt take the  of the , and  his  in the holy place.

 And  and his sons shall eat the  of the , and the  that is in the  by the door of the  of the .

 And they shall eat those things wherewith the  was made, to consecrate and to sanctify them: but a  shall not eat thereof, because they are holy.

 And if ought of the  of the consecrations, or of the , remain unto the morning, then thou shalt burn the remainder with fire: it shall not be eaten, because it is holy.

 And thus shalt thou do unto , and to his sons, according to all things which I have commanded thee:  days shalt thou consecrate them.

 And thou shalt offer every day a  for a   for : and thou shalt cleanse the , when thou hast made an  for it, and thou shalt  it, to sanctify it.

  days thou shalt make an  for the , and sanctify it; and it shall be an  most holy: whatsoever toucheth the  shall be holy.

 Now this is that which thou shalt offer upon the ; two lambs of the first year day by day continually.

 The one  thou shalt offer in the morning; and the other  thou shalt offer at even:

 And with the one  a tenth deal of  mingled with the fourth part of an hin of beaten oil; and the fourth part of an hin of  for a  .

 And the other  thou shalt offer at even, and shalt do thereto according to the meat  of the morning, and according to the   thereof, for a sweet savour, an  made by fire unto the LORD.

 This shall be a continual burnt  throughout your generations at the door of the  of the  before the LORD: where I will meet you, to speak there unto thee.

 And there I will meet with the children of , and the  shall be sanctified by my .

 And I will sanctify the  of the , and the : I will sanctify also both  and his sons, to  to me in the priest's office.

 And I will dwell among the children of , and will be their God.

 And they shall know that I am the LORD their God, that brought them forth out of the land of , that I may dwell among them: I am the LORD their God.
