King James Version: Exodus: Exodus Chapter
King James Version: Exodus Chapter
And there went a man of the house of , and took to wife a daughter of .

 And the woman conceived, and bare a son: and when she saw him that he was a goodly child, she hid him three months.

 And when she could not longer hide him, she took for him an  of bulrushes, and daubed it with  and with , and put the child therein; and she laid it in the flags by the river's brink.

 And his sister stood afar off, to wit what would be done to him.

 And the daughter of  came down to wash herself at the river; and her maidens walked along by the river's side; and when she saw the  among the flags, she sent her maid to fetch it.

 And when she had opened it, she saw the child: and, behold, the  wept. And she had compassion on him, and said, This is one of the Hebrews' children.

 Then said his sister to Pharaoh's daughter, Shall I go and call to thee a nurse of the  women, that she may nurse the child for thee?

 And Pharaoh's daughter said to her, Go. And the maid went and called the child's mother.

 And Pharaoh's daughter said unto her, Take this child away, and nurse it for me, and I will give thee thy . And the women took the child, and nursed it.

 And the child grew, and she brought him unto Pharaoh's daughter, and he became her son. And she called his name : and she said, Because I drew him out of the water.

 And it came to pass in those days, when  was grown, that he went out unto his brethren, and looked on their burdens: and he spied an Egyptian smiting an , one of his brethren.

 And he looked this way and that way, and when he saw that there was no man, he slew the Egyptian, and hid him in the sand.

 And when he went out the second day, behold, two men of the  strove together: and he said to him that did the wrong, Wherefore smitest thou thy fellow?

 And he said, Who made thee a  and a  over us? intendest thou to kill me, as thou killedst the Egyptian? And  feared, and said, Surely this thing is known.

 Now when  heard this thing, he sought to slay . But  fled from the face of , and dwelt in the land of : and he sat down by a well.

 Now the  of  had  daughters: and they came and drew water, and filled the troughs to water their father's flock.

 And the shepherds came and drove them away: but  stood up and helped them, and watered their flock.

 And when they came to  their father, he said, How is it that ye are come so soon to day?

 And they said, An Egyptian delivered us out of the hand of the shepherds, and also drew water enough for us, and watered the flock.

 And he said unto his daughters, And where is he? why is it that ye have left the man? call him, that he may eat .

 And  was content to dwell with the man: and he gave   his daughter.

 And she bare him a son, and he called his name : for he said, I have been a  in a strange land.

 And it came to pass in process of time, that the  of  died: and the children of  sighed by reason of the , and they cried, and their cry came up unto God by reason of the .

 And God heard their groaning, and God remembered his  with , with , and with .

 And God looked upon the children of , and God had respect unto them.
