King James Version: Exodus: Exodus Chapter
King James Version: Exodus Chapter
Then the LORD said unto , Go in unto , and tell him, Thus saith the LORD God of the , Let my people go, that they may serve me.

 For if thou refuse to let them go, and wilt hold them still,

 Behold, the hand of the LORD is upon thy  which is in the field, upon the horses, upon the asses, upon the camels, upon the oxen, and upon the : there shall be a very grievous .

 And the LORD shall sever between the  of  and the  of : and there shall nothing die of all that is the children's of .

 And the LORD appointed a set time, saying, To morrow the LORD shall do this thing in the land.

 And the LORD did that thing on the morrow, and all the  of  died: but of the  of the children of  died not one.

 And  sent, and, behold, there was not one of the  of the Israelites dead. And the heart of  was hardened, and he did not let the people go.

 And the LORD said unto  and unto , Take to you handfuls of  of the , and let  sprinkle it toward the  in the sight of .

 And it shall become small  in all the land of , and shall be a  breaking forth with  upon man, and upon , throughout all the land of .

 And they took  of the , and stood before ; and  sprinkled it up toward ; and it became a  breaking forth with  upon man, and upon .

 And the  could not stand before  because of the boils; for the  was upon the , and upon all the Egyptians.

 And the LORD hardened the heart of , and he hearkened not unto them; as the LORD had spoken unto .

 And the LORD said unto , Rise up early in the morning, and stand before , and say unto him, Thus saith the LORD God of the , Let my people go, that they may serve me.

 For I will at this time send all my plagues upon thine heart, and upon thy servants, and upon thy people; that thou mayest know that there is none like me in all the earth.

 For now I will stretch out my hand, that I may smite thee and thy people with pestilence; and thou shalt be cut off from the earth.

 And in very deed for this cause have I raised thee up, for to shew in thee my power; and that my name may be declared throughout all the earth.

 As yet exaltest thou thyself against my people, that thou wilt not let them go?

 Behold, to morrow about this time I will cause it to  a very grievous , such as hath not been in  since the foundation thereof even until now.

 Send therefore now, and gather thy , and all that thou hast in the field; for upon every man and  which shall be found in the field, and shall not be brought home, the  shall come down upon them, and they shall die.

 He that feared the word of the LORD among the servants of  made his servants and his  flee into the houses:

 And he that regarded not the word of the LORD left his servants and his  in the field.

 And the LORD said unto , Stretch forth thine hand toward , that there may be  in all the land of , upon man, and upon , and upon every  of the field, throughout the land of .

 And  stretched forth his rod toward : and the LORD sent  and , and the fire ran along upon the ground; and the LORD rained  upon the land of .

 So there was , and fire mingled with the , very grievous, such as there was none like it in all the land of  since it became a nation.

 And the  smote throughout all the land of  all that was in the field, both man and ; and the  smote every  of the field, and brake every tree of the field.

 Only in the land of , where the children of  were, was there no .

 And  sent, and called for  and , and said unto them, I have sinned this time: the LORD is righteous, and I and my people are wicked.

 Intreat the LORD (for it is enough) that there be no more mighty thunderings and ; and I will let you go, and ye shall stay no longer.

 And  said unto him, As soon as I am gone out of the city, I will spread abroad my hands unto the LORD; and the  shall cease, neither shall there be any more ; that thou mayest know how that the earth is the LORD's.

 But as for thee and thy servants, I know that ye will not yet fear the LORD God.

 And the  and the  was smitten: for the  was in the , and the  was .

 But the  and the rie were not smitten: for they were not grown up.

 And  went out of the city from , and spread abroad his hands unto the LORD: and the thunders and  ceased, and the  was not poured upon the earth.

 And when  saw that the  and the  and the thunders were ceased, he sinned yet more, and hardened his heart, he and his servants.

 And the heart of  was hardened, neither would he let the children of  go; as the LORD had spoken by .
