King James Version: Exodus: Exodus Chapter
King James Version: Exodus Chapter
In the third month, when the children of  were gone forth out of the land of , the same day came they into the  of .

 For they were departed from , and were come to the  of , and had pitched in the ; and there  camped before the .

 And  went up unto God, and the LORD called unto him out of the mountain, saying, Thus shalt thou say to the house of , and tell the children of ;

 Ye have seen what I did unto the Egyptians, and how I bare you on eagles' wings, and brought you unto myself.

 Now therefore, if ye will obey my voice indeed, and keep my , then ye shall be a  treasure unto me above all people: for all the earth is mine:

 And ye shall be unto me a kingdom of priests, and an holy nation. These are the words which thou shalt speak unto the children of .

 And  came and called for the elders of the people, and laid before their faces all these words which the LORD commanded him.

 And all the people answered together, and said, All that the LORD hath spoken we will do. And  returned the words of the people unto the LORD.

 And the LORD said unto , Lo, I come unto thee in a thick , that the people may hear when I speak with thee, and believe thee for ever. And  told the words of the people unto the LORD.

 And the LORD said unto , Go unto the people, and sanctify them to day and to morrow, and let them wash their clothes,

 And be ready against the third day: for the third day the LORD will come down in the sight of all the people upon  .

 And thou shalt set bounds unto the people round about, saying, Take heed to yourselves, that ye go not up into the , or touch the border of it: whosoever toucheth the  shall be surely put to death:

 There shall not an hand touch it, but he shall surely be stoned, or shot through; whether it be  or man, it shall not live: when the trumpet soundeth long, they shall come up to the .

 And  went down from the  unto the people, and sanctified the people; and they washed their clothes.

 And he said unto the people, Be ready against the third day: come not at your wives.

 And it came to pass on the third day in the morning, that there were thunders and lightnings, and a thick  upon the , and the voice of the trumpet exceeding loud; so that all the people that was in the  trembled.

 And  brought forth the people out of the  to meet with God; and they stood at the nether part of the .

 And   was altogether on a smoke, because the LORD descended upon it in fire: and the smoke thereof ascended as the smoke of a , and the whole  quaked greatly.

 And when the voice of the trumpet sounded long, and waxed louder and louder,  spake, and God answered him by a voice.

 And the LORD came down upon  , on the top of the : and the LORD called  up to the top of the ; and  went up.

 And the LORD said unto , Go down, charge the people, lest they break through unto the LORD to gaze, and many of them perish.

 And let the priests also, which come near to the LORD, sanctify themselves, lest the LORD break forth upon them.

 And  said unto the LORD, The people cannot come up to  : for thou chargedst us, saying, Set bounds about the , and sanctify it.

 And the LORD said unto him, Away, get thee down, and thou shalt come up, thou, and  with thee: but let not the priests and the people break through to come up unto the LORD, lest he break forth upon them.

 So  went down unto the people, and spake unto them.
