King James Version: Exodus: Exodus Chapter
King James Version: Exodus Chapter
And thou shalt make an  of  , five cubits long, and five cubits broad; the  shall be foursquare: and the height thereof shall be three cubits.

 And thou shalt make the horns of it upon the four corners thereof: his horns shall be of the same: and thou shalt overlay it with .

 And thou shalt make his pans to receive his , and his shovels, and his basons, and his fleshhooks, and his firepans: all the vessels thereof thou shalt make of .

 And thou shalt make for it a  of network of ; and upon the  shalt thou make four brasen rings in the four corners thereof.

 And thou shalt put it under the compass of the  beneath, that the  may be even to the midst of the .

 And thou shalt make staves for the , staves of  , and overlay them with .

 And the staves shall be put into the rings, and the staves shall be upon the two sides of the , to bear it.

 Hollow with boards shalt thou make it: as it was shewed thee in the , so shall they make it.

 And thou shalt make the court of the : for the south side southward there shall be hangings for the court of fine twined  of an hundred cubits long for one side:

 And the twenty pillars thereof and their twenty sockets shall be of ; the hooks of the pillars and their  shall be of .

 And likewise for the north side in length there shall be hangings of an hundred cubits long, and his twenty pillars and their twenty sockets of ; the hooks of the pillars and their  of .

 And for the breadth of the court on the west side shall be hangings of fifty cubits: their pillars ten, and their sockets ten.

 And the breadth of the court on the  side eastward shall be fifty cubits.

 The hangings of one side of the  shall be fifteen cubits: their pillars three, and their sockets three.

 And on the other side shall be hangings fifteen cubits: their pillars three, and their sockets three.

 And for the  of the court shall be an  of twenty cubits, of , and purple, and , and fine twined , wrought with needlework: and their pillars shall be four, and their sockets four.

 All the pillars round about the court shall be filleted with ; their hooks shall be of , and their sockets of .

 The length of the court shall be an hundred cubits, and the breadth fifty every where, and the height five cubits of fine twined , and their sockets of .

 All the vessels of the  in all the service thereof, and all the pins thereof, and all the pins of the court, shall be of .

 And thou shalt command the children of , that they bring thee pure oil  beaten for the light, to cause the  to burn always.

 In the  of the  without the vail, which is before the ,  and his sons shall order it from evening to morning before the LORD: it shall be a statute for ever unto their generations on the behalf of the children of .
