King James Version: Exodus: Exodus Chapter
King James Version: Exodus Chapter
Thou shalt not raise a false report: put not thine hand with the wicked to be an unrighteous .

 Thou shalt not follow a multitude to do evil; neither shalt thou speak in a cause to decline after many to wrest judgment:

 Neither shalt thou countenance a  man in his cause.

 If thou meet thine enemy's  or his  going astray, thou shalt surely bring it back to him again.

 If thou see the  of him that hateth thee lying under his , and wouldest forbear to help him, thou shalt surely help with him.

 Thou shalt not wrest the judgment of thy  in his cause.

 Keep thee far from a false matter; and the innocent and righteous slay thou not: for I will not justify the wicked.

 And thou shalt take no : for the  blindeth the , and perverteth the words of the righteous.

 Also thou shalt not oppress a : for ye know the heart of a , seeing ye were strangers in the land of .

 And six years thou shalt sow thy land, and shalt gather in the fruits thereof:

 But the seventh year thou shalt let it rest and lie still; that the  of thy people may eat: and what they leave the beasts of the field shall eat. In like manner thou shalt deal with thy vineyard, and with thy oliveyard.

 Six days thou shalt do thy work, and on the seventh day thou shalt rest: that thine  and thine  may rest, and the son of thy , and the , may be refreshed.

 And in all things that I have said unto you be circumspect: and make no mention of the name of other gods, neither let it be heard out of thy mouth.

 Three times thou shalt keep a  unto me in the year.

 Thou shalt keep the  of unleavened : (thou shalt eat unleavened   days, as I commanded thee, in the time appointed of the month ; for in it thou camest out from : and none shall appear before me empty:)

 And the  of , the firstfruits of thy labours, which thou hast sown in the field: and the  of ingathering, which is in the end of the year, when thou hast gathered in thy labours out of the field.

 Three items in the year all thy males shall appear before the LORD God.

 Thou shalt not offer the  of my  with leavened ; neither shall the  of my  remain until the morning.

 The first of the firstfruits of thy land thou shalt bring into the house of the LORD thy God. Thou shalt not  a kid in his mother's .

 Behold, I send an  before thee, to keep thee in the way, and to bring thee into the place which I have prepared.

 Beware of him, and obey his voice, provoke him not; for he will not  your transgressions: for my name is in him.

 But if thou shalt indeed obey his voice, and do all that I speak; then I will be an enemy unto thine enemies, and an  unto thine adversaries.

 For mine  shall go before thee, and bring thee in unto the , and the , and the , and the , the , and the : and I will cut them off.

 Thou shalt not  down to their gods, nor serve them, nor do after their works: but thou shalt utterly overthrow them, and quite break down their images.

 And ye shall serve the LORD your God, and he shall  thy , and thy water; and I will take sickness away from the midst of thee.

 There shall nothing cast their young, nor be , in thy land: the number of thy days I will fulfil.

 I will send my fear before thee, and will destroy all the people to whom thou shalt come, and I will make all thine enemies turn their backs unto thee.

 And I will send hornets before thee, which shall drive out the Hivite, the , and the Hittite, from before thee.

 I will not drive them out from before thee in one year; lest the land become desolate, and the  of the field multiply against thee.

 By little and little I will drive them out from before thee, until thou be increased, and inherit the land.

 And I will set thy bounds from the Red sea even unto the sea of the , and from the  unto the river: for I will deliver the inhabitants of the land into your hand; and thou shalt drive them out before thee.

 Thou shalt make no  with them, nor with their gods.

 They shall not dwell in thy land, lest they make thee  against me: for if thou serve their gods, it will surely be a  unto thee.
