King James Version: Exodus: Exodus Chapter
King James Version: Exodus Chapter
And the LORD spake unto , saying,

 Speak unto the children of , that they bring me an : of every man that giveth it willingly with his heart ye shall take my .

 And this is the  which ye shall take of them; , and , and ,

 And , and purple, and , and fine , and goats' hair,

 And rams' skins dyed red, and badgers' skins, and  ,

 Oil for the light,  for anointing oil, and for sweet ,

  stones, and stones to be set in the , and in the .

 And let them make me a ; that I may dwell among them.

 According to all that I shew thee, after the pattern of the , and the pattern of all the instruments thereof, even so shall ye make it.

 And they shall make an  of  : two cubits and a half shall be the length thereof, and a  and a half the breadth thereof, and a  and a half the height thereof.

 And thou shalt overlay it with pure , within and without shalt thou overlay it, and shalt make upon it a  of  round about.

 And thou shalt cast four rings of  for it, and put them in the four corners thereof; and two rings shall be in the one side of it, and two rings in the other side of it.

 And thou shalt make staves of  , and overlay them with .

 And thou shalt put the staves into the rings by the sides of the , that the  may be borne with them.

 The staves shall be in the rings of the : they shall not be taken from it.

 And thou shalt put into the  the  which I shall give thee.

 And thou shalt make a  seat of pure : two cubits and a half shall be the length thereof, and a  and a half the breadth thereof.

 And thou shalt make two cherubims of , of beaten work shalt thou make them, in the two ends of the  seat.

 And make one  on the one end, and the other  on the other end: even of the  seat shall ye make the cherubims on the two ends thereof.

 And the cherubims shall stretch forth their wings on high, covering the  seat with their wings, and their faces shall look one to another; toward the  seat shall the faces of the cherubims be.

 And thou shalt put the  seat above upon the ; and in the  thou shalt put the  that I shall give thee.

 And there I will meet with thee, and I will commune with thee from above the  seat, from between the two cherubims which are upon the  of the , of all things which I will give thee in commandment unto the children of .

 Thou shalt also make a table of  : two cubits shall be the length thereof, and a  the breadth thereof, and a  and a half the height thereof.

 And thou shalt overlay it with pure , and make thereto a  of  round about.

 And thou shalt make unto it a border of an hand breadth round about, and thou shalt make a golden  to the border thereof round about.

 And thou shalt make for it four rings of , and put the rings in the four corners that are on the four feet thereof.

 Over against the border shall the rings be for places of the staves to bear the table.

 And thou shalt make the staves of  , and overlay them with , that the table may be borne with them.

 And thou shalt make the dishes thereof, and spoons thereof, and covers thereof, and bowls thereof, to cover withal: of pure  shalt thou make them.

 And thou shalt set upon the table  before me alway.

 And thou shalt make a  of pure : of beaten work shall the  be made: his shaft, and his branches, his bowls, his knops, and his , shall be of the same.

 And six branches shall come out of the sides of it; three branches of the  out of the one side, and three branches of the  out of the other side:

 Three bowls made like unto almonds, with a  and a flower in one ; and three bowls made like almonds in the other , with a  and a flower: so in the six branches that come out of the .

 And in the candlesticks shall be four bowls made like unto almonds, with their knops and their .

 And there shall be a  under two branches of the same, and a  under two branches of the same, and a  under two branches of the same, according to the six branches that proceed out of the .

 Their knops and their branches shall be of the same: all it shall be one beaten work of pure .

 And thou shalt make the  lamps thereof: and they shall light the lamps thereof, that they may give light over against it.

 And the tongs thereof, and the snuffdishes thereof, shall be of pure .

 Of a  of pure  shall he make it, with all these vessels.

 And look that thou make them after their pattern, which was shewed thee in the .
