King James Version: Exodus: Exodus Chapter
King James Version: Exodus Chapter
And the LORD spake unto  and  in the land of  saying,

 This month shall be unto you the beginning of months: it shall be the first month of the year to you.

 Speak ye unto all the  of , saying, In the tenth day of this month they shall take to them every man a , according to the house of their fathers, a  for an house:

 And if the household be too little for the , let him and his neighbour next unto his house take it according to the number of the souls; every man according to his  shall make your count for the .

 Your  shall be without , a male of the first year: ye shall take it out from the , or from the goats:

 And ye shall keep it up until the fourteenth day of the same month: and the whole assembly of the  of  shall kill it in the evening.

 And they shall take of the , and strike it on the two side posts and on the upper door  of the houses, wherein they shall eat it.

 And they shall eat the  in that night, roast with fire, and unleavened ; and with  herbs they shall eat it.

 Eat not of it raw, nor sodden at all with water, but roast with fire; his head with his legs, and with the purtenance thereof.

 And ye shall let nothing of it remain until the morning; and that which remaineth of it until the morning ye shall burn with fire.

 And thus shall ye eat it; with your loins girded, your shoes on your feet, and your staff in your hand; and ye shall eat it in haste: it is the LORD's .

 For I will pass through the land of  this night, and will smite all the firstborn in the land of , both man and ; and against all the gods of  I will execute judgment: I am the LORD.

 And the  shall be to you for a token upon the houses where ye are: and when I see the , I will pass over you, and the  shall not be upon you to destroy you, when I smite the land of .

 And this day shall be unto you for a memorial; and ye shall keep it a  to the LORD throughout your generations; ye shall keep it a  by an ordinance for ever.

  days shall ye eat unleavened ; even the first day ye shall put away  out of your houses: for whosoever eateth leavened  from the first day until the seventh day, that soul shall be cut off from .

 And in the first day there shall be an holy , and in the seventh day there shall be an holy  to you; no manner of work shall be done in them, save that which every man must eat, that only may be done of you.

 And ye shall observe the  of unleavened ; for in this selfsame day have I brought your armies out of the land of : therefore shall ye observe this day in your generations by an ordinance for ever.

 In the first month, on the fourteenth day of the month at even, ye shall eat unleavened , until the one and twentieth day of the month at even.

  days shall there be no  found in your houses: for whosoever eateth that which is leavened, even that soul shall be cut off from the  of , whether he be a , or born in the land.

 Ye shall eat nothing leavened; in all your habitations shall ye eat unleavened .

 Then  called for all the elders of , and said unto them, Draw out and take you a  according to your families, and kill the .

 And ye shall take a  of , and dip it in the  that is in the bason, and strike the  and the two side posts with the  that is in the bason; and none of you shall go out at the door of his house until the morning.

 For the LORD will pass through to smite the Egyptians; and when he seeth the  upon the , and on the two side posts, the LORD will pass over the door, and will not suffer the  to come in unto your houses to smite you.

 And ye shall observe this thing for an ordinance to thee and to thy sons for ever.

 And it shall come to pass, when ye be come to the land which the LORD will give you, according as he hath promised, that ye shall keep this service.

 And it shall come to pass, when your children shall say unto you, What mean ye by this service?

 That ye shall say, It is the  of the LORD's , who passed over the houses of the children of  in , when he smote the Egyptians, and delivered our houses. And the people bowed the head and worshipped.

 And the children of  went away, and did as the LORD had commanded  and , so did they.

 And it came to pass, that at midnight the LORD smote all the firstborn in the land of , from the firstborn of  that sat on his  unto the firstborn of the  that was in the ; and all the firstborn of .

 And  rose up in the night, he, and all his servants, and all the Egyptians; and there was a great cry in ; for there was not a house where there was not one dead.

 And he called for  and  by night, and said, Rise up, and get you forth from among my people, both ye and the children of ; and go, serve the LORD, as ye have said.

 Also take your flocks and your herds, as ye have said, and be gone; and  me also.

 And the Egyptians were urgent upon the people, that they might send them out of the land in haste; for they said, We be all dead men.

 And the people took their  before it was leavened, their kneadingtroughs being bound up in their clothes upon their shoulders.

 And the children of  did according to the word of ; and they borrowed of the Egyptians jewels of , and jewels of , and raiment:

 And the LORD gave the people favour in the sight of the Egyptians, so that they lent unto them such things as they required. And they spoiled the Egyptians.

 And the children of  journeyed from  to , about six hundred thousand on foot that were men, beside children.

 And a mixed multitude went up also with them; and flocks, and herds, even very much .

 And they baked unleavened cakes of the  which they brought forth out of , for it was not leavened; because they were thrust out of , and could not tarry, neither had they prepared for themselves any victual.

 Now the sojourning of the children of , who dwelt in , was four hundred and thirty years.

 And it came to pass at the end of the four hundred and thirty years, even the selfsame day it came to pass, that all the hosts of the LORD went out from the land of .

 It is a night to be much observed unto the LORD for bringing them out from the land of : this is that night of the LORD to be observed of all the children of  in their generations.

 And the LORD said unto  and , This is the ordinance of the : There shall no  eat thereof:

 But every man's servant that is bought for money, when thou hast circumcised him, then shall he eat thereof.

 A  and an hired servant shall not eat thereof.

 In one house shall it be eaten; thou shalt not carry forth ought of the  abroad out of the house; neither shall ye break a bone thereof.

 All the  of  shall keep it.

 And when a  shall sojourn with thee, and will keep the  to the LORD, let all his males be circumcised, and then let him come near and keep it; and he shall be as one that is born in the land: for no uncircumcised person shall eat thereof.

 One law shall be to him that is homeborn, and unto the  that sojourneth among you.

 Thus did all the children of ; as the LORD commanded  and , so did they.

 And it came to pass the selfsame day, that the LORD did bring the children of  out of the land of  by their armies.
