King James Version: Exodus: Exodus Chapter
King James Version: Exodus Chapter
And when the people saw that  delayed to come down out of the , the people gathered themselves together unto , and said unto him, Up, make us gods, which shall go before us; for as for this , the man that brought us up out of the land of , we wot not what is become of him.

 And  said unto them, Break off the golden , which are in the ears of your wives, of your sons, and of your daughters, and bring them unto me.

 And all the people brake off the golden  which were in their ears, and brought them unto .

 And he received them at their hand, and fashioned it with a  tool, after he had made it a molten : and they said, These be thy gods, O , which brought thee up out of the land of .

 And when  saw it, he built an  before it; and  made proclamation, and said, To morrow is a  to the LORD.

 And they rose up early on the morrow, and offered burnt offerings, and brought peace offerings; and the people sat down to eat and to , and rose up to play.

 And the LORD said unto , Go, get thee down; for thy people, which thou broughtest out of the land of , have corrupted themselves:

 They have turned aside quickly out of the way which I commanded them: they have made them a molten , and have worshipped it, and have sacrificed thereunto, and said, These be thy gods, O , which have brought thee up out of the land of .

 And the LORD said unto , I have seen this people, and, behold, it is a stiffnecked people:

 Now therefore let me alone, that my wrath may  hot against them, and that I may consume them: and I will make of thee a great nation.

 And  besought the LORD his God, and said, LORD, why doth thy wrath  hot against thy people, which thou hast brought forth out of the land of  with great power, and with a mighty hand?

 Wherefore should the Egyptians speak, and say, For mischief did he bring them out, to slay them in the mountains, and to consume them from the face of the earth? Turn from thy fierce wrath, and repent of this evil against thy people.

 Remember , , and , thy servants, to whom thou swarest by thine own self, and saidst unto them, I will multiply your seed as the  of , and all this land that I have spoken of will I give unto your seed, and they shall inherit it for ever.

 And the LORD repented of the evil which he thought to do unto his people.

 And  turned, and went down from the , and the two  of the  were in his hand: the  were written on both their sides; on the one side and on the other were they written.

 And the  were the work of God, and the  was the  of God, graven upon the .

 And when  heard the noise of the people as they shouted, he said unto , There is a noise of war in the .

 And he said, It is not the voice of them that shout for mastery, neither is it the voice of them that cry for being overcome: but the noise of them that sing do I hear.

 And it came to pass, as soon as he came nigh unto the , that he saw the , and the dancing: and Moses'  waxed hot, and he cast the  out of his hands, and brake them beneath the .

 And he took the  which they had made, and burnt it in the fire, and ground it to powder, and strawed it upon the water, and made the children of   of it.

 And  said unto , What did this people unto thee, that thou hast brought so great a  upon them?

 And  said, Let not the  of my lord  hot: thou knowest the people, that they are set on mischief.

 For they said unto me, Make us gods, which shall go before us: for as for this , the man that brought us up out of the land of , we wot not what is become of him.

 And I said unto them, Whosoever hath any , let them break it off. So they gave it me: then I cast it into the fire, and there came out this .

 And when  saw that the people were ; (for  had made them  unto their shame among their enemies:)

 Then  stood in the  of the , and said, Who is on the LORD's side? let him come unto me. And all the sons of  gathered themselves together unto him.

 And he said unto them, Thus saith the LORD God of , Put every man his  by his side, and go in and out from  to  throughout the , and slay every man his brother, and every man his companion, and every man his neighbour.

 And the children of  did according to the word of : and there fell of the people that day about three thousand men.

 For  had said, Consecrate yourselves today to the LORD, even every man upon his son, and upon his brother; that he may bestow upon you a blessing this day.

 And it came to pass on the morrow, that  said unto the people, Ye have sinned a great : and now I will go up unto the LORD; peradventure I shall make an  for your .

 And  returned unto the LORD, and said, Oh, this people have sinned a great , and have made them gods of .

 Yet now, if thou wilt forgive their sin--; and if not,  me, I pray thee, out of thy book which thou hast written.

 And the LORD said unto , Whosoever hath sinned against me, him will I  out of my book.

 Therefore now go, lead the people unto the place of which I have spoken unto thee: behold, mine  shall go before thee: nevertheless in the day when I visit I will visit their  upon them.

 And the LORD plagued the people, because they made the , which  made.
