King James Version: Exodus: Exodus Chapter
King James Version: Exodus Chapter
When , the  of , Moses' father in law, heard of all that God had done for , and for  his people, and that the LORD had brought  out of ;

 Then , Moses' father in law, took , Moses' wife, after he had sent her back,

 And her two sons; of which the name of the one was ; for he said, I have been an  in a strange land:

 And the name of the other was ; for the God of my father, said he, was mine help, and delivered me from the  of :

 And , Moses' father in law, came with his sons and his wife unto  into the , where he encamped at the  of God:

 And he said unto , I thy father in law  am come unto thee, and thy wife, and her two sons with her.

 And  went out to meet his father in law, and did , and kissed him; and they asked each other of their welfare; and they came into the .

 And  told his father in law all that the LORD had done unto  and to the Egyptians for Israel's sake, and all the travail that had come upon them by the way, and how the LORD delivered them.

 And  rejoiced for all the  which the LORD had done to , whom he had delivered out of the hand of the Egyptians.

 And  said, Blessed be the LORD, who hath delivered you out of the hand of the Egyptians, and out of the hand of , who hath delivered the people from under the hand of the Egyptians.

 Now I know that the LORD is greater than all gods: for in the thing wherein they dealt proudly he was above them.

 And , Moses' father in law, took a burnt  and sacrifices for God: and  came, and all the elders of , to eat  with Moses' father in law before God.

 And it came to pass on the morrow, that  sat to  the people: and the people stood by  from the morning unto the evening.

 And when Moses' father in law saw all that he did to the people, he said, What is this thing that thou doest to the people? why sittest thou thyself alone, and all the people stand by thee from morning unto even?

 And  said unto his father in law, Because the people come unto me to enquire of God:

 When they have a matter, they come unto me; and I  between one and another, and I do make them know the statutes of God, and his laws.

 And Moses' father in law said unto him, The thing that thou doest is not good.

 Thou wilt surely wear away, both thou, and this people that is with thee: for this thing is too heavy for thee; thou art not able to perform it thyself alone.

 Hearken now unto my voice, I will give thee counsel, and God shall be with thee: Be thou for the people to God-ward, that thou mayest bring the causes unto God:

 And thou shalt teach them ordinances and laws, and shalt shew them the way wherein they must walk, and the work that they must do.

 Moreover thou shalt provide out of all the people able men, such as fear God, men of truth, hating ; and place such over them, to be rulers of , and rulers of hundreds, rulers of fifties, and rulers of tens:

 And let them  the people at all : and it shall be, that every great matter they shall bring unto thee, but every small matter they shall : so shall it be easier for thyself, and they shall bear the  with thee.

 If thou shalt do this thing, and God command thee so, then thou shalt be able to endure, and all this people shall also go to their place in peace.

 So  hearkened to the voice of his father in law, and did all that he had said.

 And  chose able men out of all , and made them heads over the people, rulers of , rulers of hundreds, rulers of fifties, and rulers of tens.

 And they judged the people at all : the hard causes they brought unto , but every small matter they judged themselves.

 And  let his father in law depart; and he went his way into his own land.
