King James Version: Exodus: Exodus Chapter
King James Version: Exodus Chapter
Then the LORD said unto , Now shalt thou see what I will do to : for with a strong hand shall he let them go, and with a strong hand shall he drive them out of his land.

 And God spake unto , and said unto him, I am the LORD:

 And I appeared unto , unto , and unto , by the name of God Almighty, but by my name  was I not known to them.

 And I have also established my  with them, to give them the land of , the land of their pilgrimage, wherein they were strangers.

 And I have also heard the groaning of the children of , whom the Egyptians keep in ; and I have remembered my .

 Wherefore say unto the children of , I am the LORD, and I will bring you out from under the burdens of the Egyptians, and I will rid you out of their , and I will redeem you with a stretched out arm, and with great judgments:

 And I will take you to me for a people, and I will be to you a God: and ye shall know that I am the LORD your God, which bringeth you out from under the burdens of the Egyptians.

 And I will bring you in unto the land, concerning the which I did swear to give it to , to , and to ; and I will give it you for an heritage: I am the LORD.

 And  spake so unto the children of : but they hearkened not unto  for anguish of , and for cruel .

 And the LORD spake unto , saying,

 Go in, speak unto   of , that he let the children of  go out of his land.

 And  spake before the LORD, saying, Behold, the children of  have not hearkened unto me; how then shall  hear me, who am of uncircumcised lips?

 And the LORD spake unto  and unto , and gave them a charge unto the children of , and unto   of , to bring the children of  out of the land of .

 These be the heads of their fathers' houses: The sons of  the firstborn of ; Hanoch, and , , and : these be the families of .

 And the sons of ; Jemuel, and Jamin, and , and , and , and Shaul the son of a Canaanitish woman: these are the families of .

 And these are the names of the sons of  according to their generations; , and , and : and the years of the life of  were an hundred thirty and  years.

 The sons of ; , and Shimi, according to their families.

 And the sons of ; , and , and , and : and the years of the life of  were an hundred thirty and three years.

 And the sons of ; Mahali and : these are the families of  according to their generations.

 And  took him  his father's sister to wife; and she bare him  and : and the years of the life of  were an hundred and thirty and  years.

 And the sons of ; , and Nepheg, and .

 And the sons of ; , and Elzaphan, and .

 And  took him , daughter of , sister of Naashon, to wife; and she bare him , and , , and .

 And the sons of ; Assir, and , and : these are the families of the .

 And  Aaron's son took him one of the daughters of Putiel to wife; and she bare him : these are the heads of the fathers of the Levites according to their families.

 These are that  and , to whom the LORD said, Bring out the children of  from the land of  according to their armies.

 These are they which spake to   of , to bring out the children of  from : these are that  and .

 And it came to pass on the day when the LORD spake unto  in the land of ,

 That the LORD spake unto , saying, I am the LORD: speak thou unto   of  all that I say unto thee.

 And  said before the LORD, Behold, I am of uncircumcised lips, and how shall  hearken unto me?
