King James Version: Exodus: Exodus Chapter
King James Version: Exodus Chapter
And the LORD spake unto , Go unto , and say unto him, Thus saith the LORD, Let my people go, that they may serve me.

 And if thou refuse to let them go, behold, I will smite all thy borders with frogs:

 And the river shall bring forth frogs abundantly, which shall go up and come into thine house, and into thy bedchamber, and upon thy bed, and into the house of thy servants, and upon thy people, and into thine ovens, and into thy kneadingtroughs:

 And the frogs shall come up both on thee, and upon thy people, and upon all thy servants.

 And the LORD spake unto , Say unto , Stretch forth thine hand with thy rod over the streams, over the rivers, and over the ponds, and cause frogs to come up upon the land of .

 And  stretched out his hand over the waters of ; and the frogs came up, and covered the land of .

 And the  did so with their , and brought up frogs upon the land of .

 Then  called for  and , and said, Intreat the LORD, that he may take away the frogs from me, and from my people; and I will let the people go, that they may do  unto the LORD.

 And  said unto ,  over me: when shall I intreat for thee, and for thy servants, and for thy people, to destroy the frogs from thee and thy houses, that they may remain in the river only?

 And he said, To morrow. And he said, Be it according to thy word: that thou mayest know that there is none like unto the LORD our God.

 And the frogs shall depart from thee, and from thy houses, and from thy servants, and from thy people; they shall remain in the river only.

 And  and  went out from : and  cried unto the LORD because of the frogs which he had brought against .

 And the LORD did according to the word of ; and the frogs died out of the houses, out of the , and out of the fields.

 And they gathered them together upon heaps: and the land stank.

 But when  saw that there was respite, he hardened his heart, and hearkened not unto them; as the LORD had said.

 And the LORD said unto , Say unto , Stretch out thy rod, and smite the  of the land, that it may become  throughout all the land of .

 And they did so; for  stretched out his hand with his rod, and smote the  of the earth, and it became  in man, and in ; all the  of the land became  throughout all the land of .

 And the  did so with their  to bring forth , but they could not: so there were  upon man, and upon .

 Then the  said unto , This is the finger of God: and Pharaoh's heart was hardened, and he hearkened not unto them; as the LORD had said.

 And the LORD said unto , Rise up early in the morning, and stand before ; lo, he cometh forth to the water; and say unto him, Thus saith the LORD, Let my people go, that they may serve me.

 Else, if thou wilt not let my people go, behold, I will send swarms of flies upon thee, and upon thy servants, and upon thy people, and into thy houses: and the houses of the Egyptians shall be full of swarms of flies, and also the ground whereon they are.

 And I will sever in that day the land of , in which my people dwell, that no swarms of flies shall be there; to the end thou mayest know that I am the LORD in the midst of the earth.

 And I will put a division between my people and thy people: to morrow shall this sign be.

 And the LORD did so; and there came a grievous swarm of flies into the house of , and into his servants' houses, and into all the land of : the land was corrupted by reason of the swarm of flies.

 And  called for  and for , and said, Go ye,  to your God in the land.

 And  said, It is not meet so to do; for we shall  the  of the Egyptians to the LORD our God: lo, shall we  the  of the Egyptians before their eyes, and will they not  us?

 We will go three days'  into the , and  to the LORD our God, as he shall command us.

 And  said, I will let you go, that ye may  to the LORD your God in the ; only ye shall not go very far away: intreat for me.

 And  said, Behold, I go out from thee, and I will intreat the LORD that the swarms of flies may depart from , from his servants, and from his people, to morrow: but let not  deal deceitfully any more in not letting the people go to  to the LORD.

 And  went out from , and intreated the LORD.

 And the LORD did according to the word of ; and he removed the swarms of flies from , from his servants, and from his people; there remained not one.

 And  hardened his heart at this time also, neither would he let the people go.
