King James Version: Exodus: Exodus Chapter
King James Version: Exodus Chapter
If a man shall steal an , or a , and kill it, or sell it; he shall restore five oxen for an , and four  for a .

 If a thief be found breaking up, and be smitten that he die, there shall no  be shed for him.

 If the  be risen upon him, there shall be  shed for him; for he should make full restitution; if he have nothing, then he shall be sold for his .

 If the  be certainly found in his hand alive, whether it be , or , or ; he shall restore double.

 If a man shall cause a field or vineyard to be eaten, and shall put in his , and shall feed in another man's field; of the best of his own field, and of the best of his own vineyard, shall he make restitution.

 If fire break out, and catch in thorns, so that the stacks of , or the standing , or the field, be consumed therewith; he that kindled the fire shall surely make restitution.

 If a man shall deliver unto his neighbour money or stuff to keep, and it be stolen out of the man's house; if the thief be found, let him pay double.

 If the thief be not found, then the master of the house shall be brought unto the judges, to see whether he have put his hand unto his neighbour's goods.

 For all manner of trespass, whether it be for , for , for , for raiment, or for any manner of lost thing which another challengeth to be his, the cause of both parties shall come before the judges; and whom the judges shall condemn, he shall pay double unto his neighbour.

 If a man deliver unto his neighbour an , or an , or a , or any , to keep; and it die, or be hurt, or driven away, no man seeing it:

 Then shall an  of the LORD be between them both, that he hath not put his hand unto his neighbour's goods; and the owner of it shall accept thereof, and he shall not make it good.

 And if it be stolen from him, he shall make restitution unto the owner thereof.

 If it be torn in , then let him bring it for , and he shall not make good that which was torn.

 And if a man  ought of his neighbour, and it be hurt, or die, the owner thereof being not with it, he shall surely make it good.

 But if the owner thereof be with it, he shall not make it good: if it be an hired thing, it came for his hire.

 And if a man entice a maid that is not betrothed, and lie with her, he shall surely endow her to be his wife.

 If her father utterly refuse to give her unto him, he shall pay money according to the  of virgins.

 Thou shalt not suffer a  to live.

 Whosoever lieth with a  shall surely be put to death.

 He that sacrificeth unto any god, save unto the LORD only, he shall be utterly destroyed.

 Thou shalt neither vex a , nor oppress him: for ye were strangers in the land of .

 Ye shall not afflict any widow, or fatherless child.

 If thou afflict them in any , and they cry at all unto me, I will surely hear their cry;

 And my wrath shall  hot, and I will kill you with the ; and your wives shall be , and your children fatherless.

 If thou lend money to any of my people that is  by thee, thou shalt not be to him as an usurer, neither shalt thou lay upon him .

 If thou at all take thy neighbour's raiment to , thou shalt deliver it unto him by that the  goeth down:

 For that is his covering only, it is his raiment for his skin: wherein shall he sleep? and it shall come to pass, when he crieth unto me, that I will hear; for I am gracious.

 Thou shalt not revile the gods, nor  the ruler of thy people.

 Thou shalt not delay to offer the first of thy ripe fruits, and of thy liquors: the firstborn of thy sons shalt thou give unto me.

 Likewise shalt thou do with thine oxen, and with thy :  days it shall be with his dam; on the eighth day thou shalt give it me.

 And ye shall be holy men unto me: neither shall ye eat any  that is torn of beasts in the field; ye shall cast it to the dogs.
