King James Version: Exodus: Exodus Chapter
King James Version: Exodus Chapter
And the LORD spake unto , saying,

 Speak unto the children of , that they turn and  before Pihahiroth, between  and the sea, over against Baalzephon: before it shall ye  by the sea.

 For  will say of the children of , They are entangled in the land, the  hath shut them in.

 And I will harden Pharaoh's heart, that he shall follow after them; and I will be honoured upon , and upon all his ; that the Egyptians may know that I am the LORD. And they did so.

 And it was told the  of  that the people fled: and the heart of  and of his servants was turned against the people, and they said, Why have we done this, that we have let  go from serving us?

 And he made ready his , and took his people with him:

 And he took six hundred  chariots, and all the chariots of , and captains over every one of them.

 And the LORD hardened the heart of   of , and he pursued after the children of : and the children of  went out with an high hand.

 But the Egyptians pursued after them, all the horses and chariots of , and his horsemen, and his army, and overtook them encamping by the sea, beside Pihahiroth, before Baalzephon.

 And when  drew nigh, the children of  lifted up their eyes, and, behold, the Egyptians marched after them; and they were sore afraid: and the children of  cried out unto the LORD.

 And they said unto , Because there were no graves in , hast thou taken us away to die in the ? wherefore hast thou dealt thus with us, to carry us forth out of ?

 Is not this the word that we did tell thee in , saying, Let us alone, that we may serve the Egyptians? For it had been better for us to serve the Egyptians, than that we should die in the .

 And  said unto the people, Fear ye not, stand still, and see the  of the LORD, which he will shew to you to day: for the Egyptians whom ye have seen to day, ye shall see them again no more for ever.

 The LORD shall fight for you, and ye shall hold your peace.

 And the LORD said unto , Wherefore criest thou unto me? speak unto the children of , that they go forward:

 But lift thou up thy rod, and stretch out thine hand over the sea, and divide it: and the children of  shall go on dry ground through the midst of the sea.

 And I, behold, I will harden the hearts of the Egyptians, and they shall follow them: and I will get me honour upon , and upon all his , upon his chariots, and upon his horsemen.

 And the Egyptians shall know that I am the LORD, when I have gotten me honour upon , upon his chariots, and upon his horsemen.

 And the  of God, which went before the  of , removed and went behind them; and the  of the  went from before their face, and stood behind them:

 And it came between the  of the Egyptians and the  of ; and it was a  and  to them, but it gave light by night to these: so that the one came not near the other all the night.

 And  stretched out his hand over the sea; and the LORD caused the sea to go back by a strong  wind all that night, and made the sea dry land, and the waters were divided.

 And the children of  went into the midst of the sea upon the dry ground: and the waters were a wall unto them on their right hand, and on their left.

 And the Egyptians pursued, and went in after them to the midst of the sea, even all Pharaoh's horses, his chariots, and his horsemen.

 And it came to pass, that in the morning watch the LORD looked unto the  of the Egyptians through the  of fire and of the , and troubled the  of the Egyptians,

 And took off their  wheels, that they drave them heavily: so that the Egyptians said, Let us flee from the face of ; for the LORD fighteth for them against the Egyptians.

 And the LORD said unto , Stretch out thine hand over the sea, that the waters may come again upon the Egyptians, upon their chariots, and upon their horsemen.

 And  stretched forth his hand over the sea, and the sea returned to his strength when the morning appeared; and the Egyptians fled against it; and the LORD overthrew the Egyptians in the midst of the sea.

 And the waters returned, and covered the chariots, and the horsemen, and all the  of  that came into the sea after them; there remained not so much as one of them.

 But the children of  walked upon dry land in the midst of the sea; and the waters were a wall unto them on their right hand, and on their left.

 Thus the LORD saved  that day out of the hand of the Egyptians; and  saw the Egyptians dead upon the sea shore.

 And  saw that great work which the LORD did upon the Egyptians: and the people feared the LORD, and believed the LORD, and his servant .
