King James Version: Zephaniah: Zephaniah Chapter
King James Version: Zephaniah Chapter
The word of the LORD which came unto  the son of Cushi, the son of , the son of , the son of , in the days of  the son of ,  of .

 I will utterly consume all things from off the land, saith the LORD.

 I will consume man and ; I will consume the fowls of the , and the fishes of the sea, and the stumbling blocks with the wicked: and I will cut off man from off the land, saith the LORD.

 I will also stretch out mine hand upon , and upon all the inhabitants of ; and I will cut off the remnant of  from this place, and the name of the Chemarims with the priests;

 And them that  the  of  upon the housetops; and them that  and that swear by the LORD, and that swear by Malcham;

 And them that are turned back from the LORD; and those that have not sought the LORD, nor enquired for him.

 Hold thy peace at the presence of the Lord GOD: for the day of the LORD is at hand: for the LORD hath prepared a , he hath bid his guests.

 And it shall come to pass in the day of the LORD's , that I will punish the princes, and the king's children, and all such as are clothed with strange .

 In the same day also will I punish all those that leap on the , which fill their masters' houses with violence and deceit.

 And it shall come to pass in that day, saith the LORD, that there shall be the noise of a cry from the  , and an howling from the second, and a great crashing from the hills.

 Howl, ye inhabitants of , for all the  people are cut down; all they that bear  are cut off.

 And it shall come to pass at that time, that I will search  with candles, and punish the men that are settled on their : that say in their heart, The LORD will not do good, neither will he do evil.

 Therefore their goods shall become a , and their houses a desolation: they shall also build houses, but not inhabit them; and they shall plant vineyards, but not  the  thereof.

 The great day of the LORD is near, it is near, and hasteth greatly, even the voice of the day of the LORD: the mighty man shall cry there bitterly.

 That day is a day of wrath, a day of trouble and distress, a day of wasteness and desolation, a day of  and gloominess, a day of clouds and thick ,

 A day of the trumpet and  against the fenced cities, and against the high .

 And I will bring distress upon men, that they shall walk like  men, because they have sinned against the LORD: and their  shall be poured out as , and their  as the .

 Neither their  nor their  shall be able to deliver them in the day of the LORD's wrath; but the whole land shall be devoured by the fire of his : for he shall make even a speedy riddance of all them that dwell in the land.
