King James Version: Zephaniah: Zephaniah Chapter
King James Version: Zephaniah Chapter
Gather yourselves together, yea, gather together, O nation not desired;

 Before the decree bring forth, before the day pass as the , before the fierce  of the LORD come upon you, before the day of the LORD's  come upon you.

 Seek ye the LORD, all ye meek of the earth, which have wrought his judgment; seek , seek : it may be ye shall be hid in the day of the LORD's .

 For  shall be forsaken, and  a desolation: they shall drive out  at the noon day, and  shall be rooted up.

 Woe unto the inhabitants of the sea coast, the nation of the Cherethites! the word of the LORD is against you; O , the land of the , I will even destroy thee, that there shall be no inhabitant.

 And the sea coast shall be  and cottages for shepherds, and folds for flocks.

 And the coast shall be for the remnant of the house of ; they shall feed thereupon: in the houses of  shall they lie down in the evening: for the LORD their God shall visit them, and turn away their .

 I have heard the reproach of , and the revilings of the children of , whereby they have reproached my people, and magnified themselves against their border.

 Therefore as I live, saith the LORD of hosts, the God of , Surely  shall be as , and the children of  as , even the breeding of nettles, and saltpits, and a perpetual desolation: the residue of my people shall spoil them, and the remnant of my people shall possess them.

 This shall they have for their pride, because they have reproached and magnified themselves against the people of the LORD of hosts.

 The LORD will be terrible unto them: for he will famish all the gods of the earth; and men shall  him, every one from his place, even all the isles of the .

 Ye Ethiopians also, ye shall be slain by my .

 And he will stretch out his hand against the north, and destroy ; and will make  a desolation, and dry like a .

 And flocks shall lie down in the midst of her, all the beasts of the nations: both the  and the  shall  in the upper lintels of it; their voice shall sing in the windows; desolation shall be in the thresholds; for he shall uncover the  work.

 This is the rejoicing city that dwelt carelessly, that said in her heart, I am, and there is none beside me: how is she become a desolation, a place for beasts to lie down in! every one that passeth by her shall , and wag his hand.
