King James Version: Job: Job Chapter
King James Version: Job Chapter
Knowest thou the time when the wild goats of the  bring forth? or canst thou mark when the hinds do calve?

 Canst thou number the months that they fulfil? or knowest thou the time when they bring forth?

 They  themselves, they bring forth their young ones, they cast out their sorrows.

 Their young ones are in good liking, they grow up with ; they go forth, and return not unto them.

 Who hath sent out the wild  free? or who hath loosed the  of the wild ?

 Whose house I have made the , and the  land his .

 He scorneth the multitude of the city, neither regardeth he the crying of the driver.

 The range of the mountains is his pasture, and he searcheth after every green thing.

 Will the  be willing to serve thee, or abide by thy crib?

 Canst thou bind the  with his band in the ? or will he  the valleys after thee?

 Wilt thou trust him, because his strength is great? or wilt thou leave thy labour to him?

 Wilt thou believe him, that he will bring home thy seed, and gather it into thy ?

 Gavest thou the goodly wings unto the peacocks? or wings and feathers unto the ?

 Which leaveth her eggs in the earth, and warmeth them in ,

 And forgetteth that the foot may crush them, or that the wild  may break them.

 She is hardened against her young ones, as though they were not her's: her labour is in vain without fear;

 Because God hath deprived her of wisdom, neither hath he imparted to her understanding.

 What time she lifteth up herself on high, she scorneth the horse and his rider.

 Hast thou given the horse strength? hast thou clothed his  with ?

 Canst thou make him afraid as a ? the  of his nostrils is terrible.

 He paweth in the , and rejoiceth in his strength: he goeth on to meet the armed men.

 He mocketh at fear, and is not affrighted; neither turneth he back from the .

 The  rattleth against him, the glittering spear and the .

 He swalloweth the ground with fierceness and rage: neither believeth he that it is the sound of the trumpet.

 He saith among the , Ha, ha; and he smelleth the battle afar off, the  of the captains, and the shouting.

 Doth the   by thy wisdom, and stretch her wings toward the south?

 Doth the   up at thy command, and make her nest on high?

 She dwelleth and abideth on the , upon the crag of the , and the strong place.

 From thence she seeketh the prey, and her eyes behold afar off.

 Her young ones also suck up : and where the slain are, there is she.
