King James Version: Job: Job Chapter
King James Version: Job Chapter
Then answered  the , and said,

 Therefore do my thoughts cause me to answer, and for this I make haste.

 I have heard the check of my reproach, and the  of my understanding causeth me to answer.

 Knowest thou not this of old, since man was placed upon earth,

 That the triumphing of the wicked is short, and the joy of the  but for a moment?

 Though his excellency  up to the heavens, and his head reach unto the clouds;

 Yet he shall perish for ever like his own : they which have seen him shall say, Where is he?

 He shall  away as a , and shall not be found: yea, he shall be chased away as a  of the night.

 The eye also which saw him shall see him no more; neither shall his place any more behold him.

 His children shall seek to please the , and his hands shall restore their goods.

 His bones are full of the  of his youth, which shall lie down with him in the .

 Though wickedness be sweet in his mouth, though he hide it under his tongue;

 Though he spare it, and forsake it not; but keep it still within his mouth:

 Yet his meat in his  is turned, it is the  of asps within him.

 He hath swallowed down riches, and he shall vomit them up again: God shall cast them out of his .

 He shall suck the  of asps: the viper's tongue shall slay him.

 He shall not see the rivers, the floods, the brooks of  and .

 That which he laboured for shall he restore, and shall not  it down: according to his substance shall the restitution be, and he shall not rejoice therein.

 Because he hath oppressed and hath forsaken the ; because he hath violently taken away an house which he builded not;

 Surely he shall not feel quietness in his , he shall not save of that which he desired.

 There shall none of his meat be left; therefore shall no man look for his goods.

 In the  of his sufficiency he shall be in straits: every hand of the wicked shall come upon him.

 When he is about to fill his , God shall cast the  of his wrath upon him, and shall  it upon him while he is .

 He shall flee from the  weapon, and the  of  shall strike him through.

 It is drawn, and cometh out of the body; yea, the glittering  cometh out of his : terrors are upon him.

 All  shall be hid in his secret places: a fire not blown shall consume him; it shall go ill with him that is left in his .

 The  shall reveal his iniquity; and the earth shall rise up against him.

 The increase of his house shall depart, and his goods shall flow away in the day of his wrath.

 This is the portion of a wicked man from God, and the heritage appointed unto him by God.
