King James Version: Job: Job Chapter
King James Version: Job Chapter
Surely there is a vein for the , and a place for  where they fine it.

  is taken out of the earth, and  is molten out of the .

 He setteth an end to , and searcheth out all : the stones of , and the  of death.

 The  breaketh out from the inhabitant; even the waters forgotten of the foot: they are dried up, they are gone away from men.

 As for the earth, out of it cometh : and under it is turned up as it were fire.

 The stones of it are the place of sapphires: and it hath  of .

 There is a path which no fowl knoweth, and which the vulture's eye hath not seen:

 The lion's whelps have not trodden it, nor the fierce lion passed by it.

 He putteth forth his hand upon the ; he overturneth the mountains by the roots.

 He cutteth out rivers among the rocks; and his eye seeth every precious thing.

 He bindeth the floods from overflowing; and the thing that is hid bringeth he forth to light.

 But where shall wisdom be found? and where is the place of understanding?

 Man knoweth not the price thereof; neither is it found in the land of the living.

 The depth saith, It is not in me: and the sea saith, It is not with me.

 It cannot be gotten for , neither shall  be weighed for the price thereof.

 It cannot be valued with the  of , with the precious , or the .

 The  and the  cannot equal it: and the exchange of it shall not be for jewels of fine .

 No mention shall be made of , or of pearls: for the price of wisdom is above rubies.

 The  of  shall not equal it, neither shall it be valued with pure .

 Whence then cometh wisdom? and where is the place of understanding?

 Seeing it is hid from the eyes of all living, and kept close from the fowls of the air.

  and death say, We have heard the fame thereof with our ears.

 God understandeth the way thereof, and he knoweth the place thereof.

 For he looketh to the ends of the earth, and seeth under the whole ;

 To make the weight for the ; and he weigheth the waters by measure.

 When he made a decree for the , and a way for the  of the :

 Then did he see it, and declare it; he prepared it, yea, and searched it out.

 And unto man he said, Behold, the fear of the LORD, that is wisdom; and to depart from evil is understanding.
