King James Version: Job: Job Chapter
King James Version: Job Chapter
Call now, if there be any that will answer thee; and to which of the saints wilt thou turn?

 For wrath killeth the foolish man, and envy slayeth the silly one.

 I have seen the foolish taking root: but suddenly I cursed his .

 His children are far from safety, and they are crushed in the , neither is there any to deliver them.

 Whose  the hungry eateth up, and taketh it even out of the thorns, and the robber swalloweth up their substance.

 Although affliction cometh not forth of the , neither doth trouble spring out of the ground;

 Yet man is born unto trouble, as the sparks  upward.

 I would seek unto God, and unto God would I commit my cause:

 Which doeth great things and unsearchable; marvellous things without number:

 Who giveth  upon the earth, and sendeth waters upon the fields:

 To set up on high those that be low; that those which  may be exalted to safety.

 He disappointeth the devices of the crafty, so that their hands cannot perform their enterprise.

 He taketh the  in their own craftiness: and the counsel of the froward is carried headlong.

 They meet with  in the day time, and grope in the noonday as in the night.

 But he saveth the  from the , from their mouth, and from the hand of the mighty.

 So the  hath hope, and iniquity stoppeth her mouth.

 Behold, happy is the man whom God correcteth: therefore despise not thou the chastening of the Almighty:

 For he maketh sore, and bindeth up: he woundeth, and his hands make whole.

 He shall deliver thee in six troubles: yea, in  there shall no evil touch thee.

 In  he shall redeem thee from death: and in war from the power of the .

 Thou shalt be hid from the scourge of the tongue: neither shalt thou be afraid of  when it cometh.

 At  and  thou shalt laugh: neither shalt thou be afraid of the beasts of the earth.

 For thou shalt be in  with the stones of the field: and the beasts of the field shall be at peace with thee.

 And thou shalt know that thy  shall be in peace; and thou shalt visit thy , and shalt not .

 Thou shalt know also that thy seed shall be great, and thine offspring as the  of the earth.

 Thou shalt come to thy  in a full age, like as a shock of  cometh in in his season.

 Lo this, we have searched it, so it is; hear it, and know thou it for thy good.
