King James Version: Job: Job Chapter
King James Version: Job Chapter
Then answered  the , and said,

 Should a  man utter vain knowledge, and fill his  with the  wind?

 Should he reason with unprofitable talk? or with speeches wherewith he can do no good?

 Yea, thou castest off fear, and restrainest  before God.

 For thy mouth uttereth thine iniquity, and thou choosest the tongue of the crafty.

 Thine own mouth condemneth thee, and not I: yea, thine own lips testify against thee.

 Art thou the first man that was born? or wast thou made before the hills?

 Hast thou heard the secret of God? and dost thou restrain wisdom to thyself?

 What knowest thou, that we know not? what understandest thou, which is not in us?

 With us are both the grayheaded and very aged men, much  than thy father.

 Are the consolations of God small with thee? is there any secret thing with thee?

 Why doth thine heart carry thee away? and what do thy eyes wink at,

 That thou turnest thy  against God, and lettest such words go out of thy mouth?

 What is man, that he should be ? and he which is born of a woman, that he should be righteous?

 Behold, he putteth no trust in his saints; yea, the heavens are not  in his sight.

 How much more abominable and filthy is man, which drinketh iniquity like water?

 I will shew thee, hear me; and that which I have seen I will declare;

 Which  men have told from their fathers, and have not hid it:

 Unto whom alone the earth was given, and no  passed among them.

 The wicked man travaileth with pain all his days, and the number of years is hidden to the oppressor.

 A dreadful sound is in his ears: in prosperity the  shall come upon him.

 He believeth not that he shall return out of , and he is waited for of the .

 He wandereth abroad for , saying, Where is it? he knoweth that the day of  is ready at his hand.

 Trouble and anguish shall make him afraid; they shall prevail against him, as a  ready to the battle.

 For he stretcheth out his hand against God, and strengtheneth himself against the Almighty.

 He runneth upon him, even on his , upon the thick  of his bucklers:

 Because he covereth his face with his fatness, and maketh collops of  on his flanks.

 And he dwelleth in desolate cities, and in houses which no man inhabiteth, which are ready to become heaps.

 He shall not be rich, neither shall his substance continue, neither shall he prolong the  thereof upon the earth.

 He shall not depart out of ; the flame shall dry up his branches, and by the breath of his mouth shall he go away.

 Let not him that is deceived trust in vanity: for vanity shall be his recompence.

 It shall be accomplished before his time, and his  shall not be green.

 He shall shake off his unripe  as the , and shall cast off his flower as the .

 For the  of hypocrites shall be desolate, and fire shall consume the tabernacles of bribery.

 They conceive mischief, and bring forth vanity, and their  prepareth deceit.
