King James Version: Job: Job Chapter
King James Version: Job Chapter
Canst thou draw out  with an ? or his tongue with a  which thou lettest down?

 Canst thou put an  into his nose? or bore his jaw through with a ?

 Will he make many supplications unto thee? will he speak soft words unto thee?

 Will he make a  with thee? wilt thou take him for a servant for ever?

 Wilt thou play with him as with a ? or wilt thou bind him for thy maidens?

 Shall the companions make a  of him? shall they part him among the merchants?

 Canst thou fill his skin with barbed irons? or his head with  spears?

 Lay thine hand upon him, remember the battle, do no more.

 Behold, the hope of him is in vain: shall not one be cast down even at the sight of him?

 None is so fierce that dare stir him up: who then is able to stand before me?

 Who hath prevented me, that I should repay him? whatsoever is under the whole  is mine.

 I will not conceal his parts, nor his power, nor his comely proportion.

 Who can discover the face of his garment? or who can come to him with his double ?

 Who can open the  of his face? his teeth are terrible round about.

 His scales are his pride, shut up together as with a close .

 One is so near to another, that no air can come between them.

 They are joined one to another, they stick together, that they cannot be sundered.

 By his neesings a light doth shine, and his eyes are like the eyelids of the morning.

 Out of his mouth go burning lamps, and sparks of fire leap out.

 Out of his nostrils goeth smoke, as out of a seething pot or caldron.

 His breath kindleth coals, and a flame goeth out of his mouth.

 In his  remaineth strength, and sorrow is turned into joy before him.

 The flakes of his  are joined together: they are firm in themselves; they cannot be moved.

 His heart is as firm as a ; yea, as hard as a piece of the nether millstone.

 When he raiseth up himself, the mighty are afraid: by reason of breakings they purify themselves.

 The  of him that layeth at him cannot hold: the spear, the , nor the .

 He esteemeth  as , and  as rotten .

 The arrow cannot make him flee: slingstones are turned with him into stubble.

 Darts are counted as stubble: he laugheth at the shaking of a spear.

 Sharp stones are under him: he spreadeth sharp pointed things upon the mire.

 He maketh the  to  like a pot: he maketh the sea like a pot of .

 He maketh a path to shine after him; one would think the  to be hoary.

 Upon earth there is not his like, who is made without fear.

 He beholdeth all high things: he is a  over all the children of pride.
