King James Version: Job: Job Chapter
King James Version: Job Chapter
Then  the  answered and said,

 Can a man be profitable unto God, as he that is  may be profitable unto himself?

 Is it any pleasure to the Almighty, that thou art righteous? or is it gain to him, that thou makest thy ways perfect?

 Will he reprove thee for fear of thee? will he enter with thee into judgment?

 Is not thy wickedness great? and thine iniquities infinite?

 For thou hast taken a  from thy brother for nought, and stripped the  of their clothing.

 Thou hast not given water to the weary to , and thou hast withholden  from the hungry.

 But as for the mighty man, he had the earth; and the honourable man dwelt in it.

 Thou hast sent  away empty, and the arms of the fatherless have been broken.

 Therefore snares are round about thee, and sudden fear troubleth thee;

 Or , that thou canst not see; and abundance of waters cover thee.

 Is not God in the height of ? and behold the height of the , how high they are!

 And thou sayest, How doth God know? can he  through the dark ?

 Thick clouds are a covering to him, that he seeth not; and he walketh in the  of .

 Hast thou marked the old way which wicked men have trodden?

 Which were cut down out of time, whose foundation was overflown with a :

 Which said unto God, Depart from us: and what can the Almighty do for them?

 Yet he filled their houses with good things: but the counsel of the wicked is far from me.

 The righteous see it, and are glad: and the innocent laugh them to scorn.

 Whereas our substance is not cut down, but the remnant of them the fire consumeth.

 Acquaint now thyself with him, and be at peace: thereby good shall come unto thee.

 Receive, I pray thee, the law from his mouth, and lay up his words in thine heart.

 If thou return to the Almighty, thou shalt be built up, thou shalt put away iniquity far from thy tabernacles.

 Then shalt thou lay up  as , and the  of  as the stones of the brooks.

 Yea, the Almighty shall be thy defence, and thou shalt have plenty of .

 For then shalt thou have thy delight in the Almighty, and shalt lift up thy face unto God.

 Thou shalt make thy  unto him, and he shall hear thee, and thou shalt pay thy .

 Thou shalt also decree a thing, and it shall be established unto thee: and the light shall shine upon thy ways.

 When men are cast down, then thou shalt say, There is lifting up; and he shall save the humble person.

 He shall deliver the  of the innocent: and it is delivered by the pureness of thine hands.
