King James Version: Judges: Judges Chapter
King James Version: Judges Chapter
And an  of the LORD came up from  to , and said, I made you to go up out of , and have brought you unto the land which I sware unto your fathers; and I said, I will never break my  with you.

 And ye shall make no  with the inhabitants of this land; ye shall throw down their altars: but ye have not obeyed my voice: why have ye done this?

 Wherefore I also said, I will not drive them out from before you; but they shall be as thorns in your sides, and their gods shall be a  unto you.

 And it came to pass, when the  of the LORD spake these words unto all the children of , that the people lifted up their voice, and wept.

 And they called the name of that place : and they sacrificed there unto the LORD.

 And when  had let the people go, the children of  went every man unto his inheritance to possess the land.

 And the people served the LORD all the days of , and all the days of the elders that outlived , who had seen all the great works of the LORD, that he did for .

 And  the son of , the servant of the LORD, died, being an hundred and ten years old.

 And they buried him in the border of his inheritance in Timnathheres, in the  of , on the north side of the hill .

 And also all that  were gathered unto their fathers: and there arose another  after them, which knew not the LORD, nor yet the works which he had done for .

 And the children of  did evil in the sight of the LORD, and served :

 And they forsook the LORD God of their fathers, which brought them out of the land of , and followed other gods, of the gods of the people that were round about them, and bowed themselves unto them, and provoked the LORD to .

 And they forsook the LORD, and served  and .

 And the  of the LORD was hot against , and he delivered them into the hands of spoilers that spoiled them, and he sold them into the hands of their enemies round about, so that they could not any longer stand before their enemies.

 Whithersoever they went out, the hand of the LORD was against them for evil, as the LORD had said, and as the LORD had sworn unto them: and they were greatly distressed.

 Nevertheless the LORD raised up judges, which delivered them out of the hand of those that spoiled them.

 And yet they would not hearken unto their judges, but they went a whoring after other gods, and bowed themselves unto them: they turned quickly out of the way which their fathers walked in, obeying the commandments of the LORD; but they did not so.

 And when the LORD raised them up judges, then the LORD was with the , and delivered them out of the hand of their enemies all the days of the : for it repented the LORD because of their groanings by reason of them that oppressed them and vexed them.

 And it came to pass, when the  was dead, that they returned, and corrupted themselves more than their fathers, in following other gods to serve them, and to  down unto them; they ceased not from their own doings, nor from their stubborn way.

 And the  of the LORD was hot against ; and he said, Because that this people hath transgressed my  which I commanded their fathers, and have not hearkened unto my voice;

 I also will not henceforth drive out any from before them of the nations which  left when he died:

 That through them I may prove , whether they will keep the way of the LORD to walk therein, as their fathers did keep it, or not.

 Therefore the LORD left those nations, without driving them out hastily; neither delivered he them into the hand of .
