King James Version: Judges: Judges Chapter
King James Version: Judges Chapter
And after  there arose to defend   the son of , the son of , a man of ; and he dwelt in  in  .

 And he judged  twenty and three years, and died, and was buried in .

 And after him arose , a Gileadite, and judged  twenty and two years.

 And he had thirty sons that rode on thirty  colts, and they had thirty cities, which are called Havothjair unto this day, which are in the land of .

 And  died, and was buried in .

 And the children of  did evil again in the sight of the LORD, and served , and , and the gods of , and the gods of , and the gods of , and the gods of the children of , and the gods of the , and forsook the LORD, and served not him.

 And the  of the LORD was hot against , and he sold them into the hands of the , and into the hands of the children of .

 And that year they vexed and oppressed the children of : eighteen years, all the children of  that were on the other side  in the land of the , which is in .

 Moreover the children of  passed over  to fight also against , and against , and against the house of ; so that  was sore distressed.

 And the children of  cried unto the LORD, saying, We have sinned against thee, both because we have forsaken our God, and also served .

 And the LORD said unto the children of , Did not I deliver you from the Egyptians, and from the , from the children of , and from the ?

 The Zidonians also, and the Amalekites, and the Maonites, did oppress you; and ye cried to me, and I delivered you out of their hand.

 Yet ye have forsaken me, and served other gods: wherefore I will deliver you no more.

 Go and cry unto the gods which ye have ; let them deliver you in the time of your .

 And the children of  said unto the LORD, We have sinned: do thou unto us whatsoever seemeth good unto thee; deliver us only, we pray thee, this day.

 And they put away the strange gods from among them, and served the LORD: and his soul was grieved for the misery of .

 Then the children of  were gathered together, and encamped in . And the children of  assembled themselves together, and encamped in Mizpeh.

 And the people and princes of  said one to another, What man is he that will begin to fight against the children of ? he shall be head over all the inhabitants of .
