King James Version: Judges: Judges Chapter
King James Version: Judges Chapter
Then , who is , and all the people that were with him, rose up early, and pitched beside the well of : so that the  of the Midianites were on the north side of them, by the hill of , in the .

 And the LORD said unto , The people that are with thee are too many for me to give the Midianites into their hands, lest  vaunt themselves against me, saying, Mine own hand hath saved me.

 Now therefore go to, proclaim in the ears of the people, saying, Whosoever is fearful and afraid, let him return and depart early from  . And there returned of the people twenty and two thousand; and there remained ten thousand.

 And the LORD said unto , The people are yet too many; bring them down unto the water, and I will try them for thee there: and it shall be, that of whom I say unto thee, This shall go with thee, the same shall go with thee; and of whomsoever I say unto thee, This shall not go with thee, the same shall not go.

 So he brought down the people unto the water: and the LORD said unto , Every one that lappeth of the water with his tongue, as a dog lappeth, him shalt thou set by himself; likewise every one that boweth down upon his knees to .

 And the number of them that lapped, putting their hand to their mouth, were three hundred men: but all the rest of the people bowed down upon their knees to  water.

 And the LORD said unto , By the three hundred men that lapped will I save you, and deliver the Midianites into thine hand: and let all the other people go every man unto his place.

 So the people took victuals in their hand, and their : and he sent all the rest of  every man unto his , and retained those three hundred men: and the  of  was beneath him in the .

 And it came to pass the same night, that the LORD said unto him, Arise, get thee down unto the ; for I have delivered it into thine hand.

 But if thou fear to go down, go thou with Phurah thy servant down to the :

 And thou shalt hear what they say; and afterward shall thine hands be strengthened to go down unto the . Then went he down with Phurah his servant unto the outside of the armed men that were in the .

 And the Midianites and the Amalekites and all the children of the  lay along in the  like grasshoppers for multitude; and their camels were without number, as the sand by the sea side for multitude.

 And when  was come, behold, there was a man that told a  unto his fellow, and said, Behold, I dreamed a , and, lo, a  of   tumbled into the  of , and came unto a , and smote it that it fell, and overturned it, that the  lay along.

 And his fellow answered and said, This is nothing else save the  of  the son of , a man of : for into his hand hath God delivered , and all the .

 And it was so, when  heard the telling of the , and the interpretation thereof, that he worshipped, and returned into the  of , and said, Arise; for the LORD hath delivered into your hand the  of .

 And he divided the three hundred men into three companies, and he put a trumpet in every man's hand, with empty pitchers, and lamps within the pitchers.

 And he said unto them, Look on me, and do likewise: and, behold, when I come to the outside of the , it shall be that, as I do, so shall ye do.

 When I blow with a trumpet, I and all that are with me, then blow ye the  also on every side of all the , and say, The  of the LORD, and of .

 So , and the hundred men that were with him, came unto the outside of the  in the beginning of the middle watch; and they had but newly set the watch: and they blew the , and brake the pitchers that were in their hands.

 And the three companies blew the , and brake the pitchers, and held the lamps in their left hands, and the  in their right hands to blow withal: and they cried, The  of the LORD, and of .

 And they stood every man in his place round about the ; and all the  ran, and cried, and fled.

 And the three hundred blew the , and the LORD set every man's  against his fellow, even throughout all the : and the  fled to Bethshittah in , and to the border of Abelmeholah, unto .

 And the men of  gathered themselves together out of , and out of , and out of all , and pursued after the Midianites.

 And  sent messengers throughout all  , saying, come down against the Midianites, and take before them the waters unto Bethbarah and . Then all the men of  gathered themselves together, and took the waters unto Bethbarah and .

 And they took two princes of the Midianites,  and ; and they slew  upon the  , and  they slew at the winepress of , and pursued , and brought the heads of  and  to  on the other side .
