King James Version: Judges: Judges Chapter
King James Version: Judges Chapter
And the children of  did evil again in the sight of the LORD; and the LORD delivered them into the hand of the  forty years.

 And there was a certain man of , of the family of the Danites, whose name was ; and his wife was , and bare not.

 And the  of the LORD appeared unto the woman, and said unto her, Behold now, thou art , and bearest not: but thou shalt conceive, and bear a son.

 Now therefore beware, I pray thee, and  not  nor strong , and eat not any unclean thing:

 For, lo, thou shalt conceive, and bear a son; and no  shall come on his head: for the child shall be a  unto God from the womb: and he shall begin to deliver  out of the hand of the .

 Then the woman came and told her husband, saying, A man of God came unto me, and his countenance was like the countenance of an  of God, very terrible: but I asked him not whence he was, neither told he me his name:

 But he said unto me, Behold, thou shalt conceive, and bear a son; and now  no  nor strong , neither eat any unclean thing: for the child shall be a  to God from the womb to the day of his death.

 Then  intreated the LORD, and said, O my Lord, let the man of God which thou didst send come again unto us, and teach us what we shall do unto the child that shall be born.

 And God hearkened to the voice of ; and the  of God came again unto the woman as she sat in the field: but  her husband was not with her.

 And the woman made haste, and ran, and shewed her husband, and said unto him, Behold, the man hath appeared unto me, that came unto me the other day.

 And  arose, and went after his wife, and came to the man, and said unto him, Art thou the man that spakest unto the woman? And he said, I am.

 And  said, Now let thy words come to pass. How shall we order the child, and how shall we do unto him?

 And the  of the LORD said unto , Of all that I said unto the woman let her beware.

 She may not eat of any thing that cometh of the , neither let her   or strong , nor eat any unclean thing: all that I commanded her let her observe.

 And  said unto the  of the LORD, I pray thee, let us detain thee, until we shall have made ready a kid for thee.

 And the  of the LORD said unto , Though thou detain me, I will not eat of thy : and if thou wilt offer a burnt , thou must offer it unto the LORD. For  knew not that he was an  of the LORD.

 And  said unto the  of the LORD, What is thy name, that when thy sayings come to pass we may do thee honour?

 And the  of the LORD said unto him, Why askest thou thus after my name, seeing it is secret?

 So  took a kid with a meat , and offered it upon a  unto the LORD: and the  did wonderously; and  and his wife looked on.

 For it came to pass, when the flame went up toward  from off the , that the  of the LORD ascended in the flame of the . And  and his wife looked on it, and fell on their faces to the ground.

 But the  of the LORD did no more appear to  and to his wife. Then  knew that he was an  of the LORD.

 And  said unto his wife, We shall surely die, because we have seen God.

 But his wife said unto him, If the LORD were pleased to kill us, he would not have received a burnt  and a meat  at our hands, neither would he have shewed us all these things, nor would as at this time have told us such things as these.

 And the woman bare a son, and called his name : and the child grew, and the LORD blessed him.

 And the  of the LORD began to move him at times in the  of  between  and .
