King James Version: Judges: Judges Chapter
King James Version: Judges Chapter
Now the men of  had sworn in Mizpeh, saying, There shall not any of us give his daughter unto  to wife.

 And the people came to the house of God, and abode there till even before God, and lifted up their voices, and wept sore;

 And said, O LORD God of , why is this come to pass in , that there should be to day one  lacking in ?

 And it came to pass on the morrow, that the people rose early, and built there an , and offered burnt offerings and peace offerings.

 And the children of  said, Who is there among all the tribes of  that came not up with the  unto the LORD? For they had made a great  concerning him that came not up to the LORD to Mizpeh, saying, He shall surely be put to death.

 And the children of  repented them for  their brother, and said, There is one  cut off from  this day.

 How shall we do for wives for them that remain, seeing we have sworn by the LORD that we will not give them of our daughters to wives?

 And they said, What one is there of the tribes of  that came not up to Mizpeh to the LORD? And, behold, there came none to the  from Jabeshgilead to the assembly.

 For the people were numbered, and, behold, there were none of the inhabitants of Jabeshgilead there.

 And the  sent thither twelve thousand men of the valiantest, and commanded them, saying, Go and smite the inhabitants of Jabeshgilead with the edge of the , with the women and the children.

 And this is the thing that ye shall do, Ye shall utterly destroy every male, and every woman that hath lain by man.

 And they found among the inhabitants of Jabeshgilead four hundred young virgins, that had known no man by lying with any male: and they brought them unto the  to , which is in the land of .

 And the whole  sent some to speak to the children of  that were in the  , and to call peaceably unto them.

 And  came again at that time; and they gave them wives which they had saved alive of the women of Jabeshgilead: and yet so they sufficed them not.

 And the people repented them for , because that the LORD had made a  in the tribes of .

 Then the elders of the  said, How shall we do for wives for them that remain, seeing the women are destroyed out of ?

 And they said, There must be an inheritance for them that be escaped of , that a  be not destroyed out of .

 Howbeit we may not give them wives of our daughters: for the children of  have sworn, saying, Cursed be he that giveth a wife to .

 Then they said, Behold, there is a  of the LORD in  yearly in a place which is on the north side of , on the  side of the  that goeth up from  to , and on the south of .

 Therefore they commanded the children of , saying, Go and lie in wait in the vineyards;

 And see, and, behold, if the daughters of  come out to  in dances, then come ye out of the vineyards, and catch you every man his wife of the daughters of , and go to the land of .

 And it shall be, when their fathers or their brethren come unto us to complain, that we will say unto them, Be favourable unto them for our sakes: because we reserved not to each man his wife in the war: for ye did not give unto them at this time, that ye should be guilty.

 And the children of  did so, and took them wives, according to their number, of them that danced, whom they caught: and they went and returned unto their inheritance, and repaired the cities, and dwelt in them.

 And the children of  departed thence at that time, every man to his  and to his family, and they went out from thence every man to his inheritance.

 In those days there was no  in : every man did that which was right in his own eyes.
