King James Version: Judges: Judges Chapter
King James Version: Judges Chapter
And  the son of  went to  unto his mother's brethren, and communed with them, and with all the family of the house of his mother's father, saying,

 Speak, I pray you, in the ears of all the men of , Whether is better for you, either that all the sons of , which are threescore and ten persons, reign over you, or that one reign over you? remember also that I am your bone and your .

 And his mother's brethren spake of him in the ears of all the men of  all these words: and their hearts inclined to follow ; for they said, He is our brother.

 And they gave him threescore and ten  of  out of the house of Baalberith, wherewith  hired vain and light persons, which followed him.

 And he went unto his father's house at , and slew his brethren the sons of , being threescore and ten persons, upon one : notwithstanding yet  the youngest son of  was left; for he hid himself.

 And all the men of  gathered together, and all the house of , and went, and made  , by the  of the  that was in .

 And when they told it to , he went and stood in the top of  , and lifted up his voice, and cried, and said unto them, Hearken unto me, ye men of , that God may hearken unto you.

 The trees went forth on a time to  a  over them; and they said unto the  tree, Reign thou over us.

 But the  tree said unto them, Should I leave my fatness, wherewith by me they honour God and man, and go to be promoted over the trees?

 And the trees said to the  tree, Come thou, and reign over us.

 But the  tree said unto them, Should I forsake my sweetness, and my good , and go to be promoted over the trees?

 Then said the trees unto the , Come thou, and reign over us.

 And the  said unto them, Should I leave my , which cheereth God and man, and go to be promoted over the trees?

 Then said all the trees unto the , Come thou, and reign over us.

 And the  said unto the trees, If in truth ye  me  over you, then come and put your trust in my : and if not, let fire come out of the , and devour the cedars of .

 Now therefore, if ye have done truly and sincerely, in that ye have made  , and if ye have dealt well with  and his house, and have done unto him according to the deserving of his hands;

 (For my father fought for you, and adventured his life far, and delivered you out of the hand of :

 And ye are risen up against my father's house this day, and have slain his sons, threescore and ten persons, upon one , and have made , the son of his maidservant,  over the men of , because he is your brother;)

 If ye then have dealt truly and sincerely with  and with his house this day, then rejoice ye in , and let him also rejoice in you:

 But if not, let fire come out from , and devour the men of , and the house of ; and let fire come out from the men of , and from the house of , and devour .

 And  ran away, and fled, and went to , and dwelt there, for fear of  his brother.

 When  had reigned three years over ,

 Then God sent an evil  between  and the men of ; and the men of  dealt treacherously with :

 That the cruelty done to the threescore and ten sons of  might come, and their  be laid upon  their brother, which slew them; and upon the men of , which aided him in the killing of his brethren.

 And the men of  set liers in wait for him in the top of the mountains, and they robbed all that came along that way by them: and it was told .

 And  the son of  came with his brethren, and went over to : and the men of  put their confidence in him.

 And they went out into the fields, and gathered their vineyards, and trode the grapes, and made merry, and went into the house of their god, and did eat and , and cursed .

 And  the son of  said, Who is , and who is , that we should serve him? is not he the son of ? and  his officer? serve the men of  the father of : for why should we serve him?

 And would to God this people were under my hand! then would I remove . And he said to , Increase thine army, and come out.

 And when  the ruler of the city heard the words of  the son of , his  was kindled.

 And he sent messengers unto  privily, saying, Behold,  the son of  and his brethren be come to ; and, behold, they fortify the city against thee.

 Now therefore up by night, thou and the people that is with thee, and lie in wait in the field:

 And it shall be, that in the morning, as soon as the  is up, thou shalt rise early, and set upon the city: and, behold, when he and the people that is with him come out against thee, then mayest thou do to them as thou shalt find occasion.

 And  rose up, and all the people that were with him, by night, and they laid wait against  in four companies.

 And  the son of  went out, and stood in the entering of the  of the city: and  rose up, and the people that were with him, from lying in wait.

 And when  saw the people, he said to , Behold, there come people down from the top of the mountains. And  said unto him, Thou seest the  of the mountains as if they were men.

 And  spake again, and said, See there come people down by the middle of the land, and another company come along by the  of .

 Then said  unto him, Where is now thy mouth, wherewith thou saidst, Who is , that we should serve him? is not this the people that thou hast despised? go out, I pray now, and fight with them.

 And  went out before the men of , and fought with .

 And  chased him, and he fled before him, and many were overthrown and wounded, even unto the entering of the .

 And  dwelt at Arumah: and  thrust out  and his brethren, that they should not dwell in .

 And it came to pass on the morrow, that the people went out into the field; and they told .

 And he took the people, and divided them into three companies, and laid wait in the field, and looked, and, behold, the people were come forth out of the city; and he rose up against them, and smote them.

 And , and the company that was with him, rushed forward, and stood in the entering of the  of the city: and the two other companies ran upon all the people that were in the fields, and slew them.

 And  fought against the city all that day; and he took the city, and slew the people that was therein, and beat down the city, and sowed it with .

 And when all the men of the tower of  heard that, they entered into an hold of the house of the god Berith.

 And it was told , that all the men of the tower of  were gathered together.

 And  gat him up to  , he and all the people that were with him; and  took an  in his hand, and cut down a bough from the trees, and took it, and laid it on his shoulder, and said unto the people that were with him, What ye have seen me do, make haste, and do as I have done.

 And all the people likewise cut down every man his bough, and followed , and put them to the hold, and set the hold on fire upon them; so that all the men of the tower of  died also, about a thousand men and women.

 Then went  to , and encamped against , and took it.

 But there was a strong tower within the city, and thither fled all the men and women, and all they of the city, and shut it to them, and gat them up to the top of the tower.

 And  came unto the tower, and fought against it, and went hard unto the door of the tower to burn it with fire.

 And a certain woman cast a piece of a millstone upon Abimelech's head, and all to brake his skull.

 Then he called hastily unto the young man his armourbearer, and said unto him, Draw thy , and slay me, that men say not of me, A women slew him. And his young man thrust him through, and he died.

 And when the men of  saw that  was dead, they departed every man unto his place.

 Thus God rendered the wickedness of , which he did unto his father, in slaying his seventy brethren:

 And all the evil of the men of  did God render upon their heads: and upon them came the  of  the son of .
