King James Version: Judges: Judges Chapter
King James Version: Judges Chapter
Now  the Gileadite was a mighty man of valour, and he was the son of an : and  begat .

 And Gilead's wife bare him sons; and his wife's sons grew up, and they thrust out , and said unto him, Thou shalt not inherit in our father's house; for thou art the son of a strange woman.

 Then  fled from his brethren, and dwelt in the land of Tob: and there were gathered vain men to , and went out with him.

 And it came to pass in process of time, that the children of  made war against .

 And it was so, that when the children of  made war against , the elders of  went to fetch  out of the land of Tob:

 And they said unto , Come, and be our captain, that we may fight with the children of .

 And  said unto the elders of , Did not ye hate me, and expel me out of my father's house? and why are ye come unto me now when ye are in distress?

 And the elders of  said unto , Therefore we turn again to thee now, that thou mayest go with us, and fight against the children of , and be our head over all the inhabitants of .

 And  said unto the elders of , If ye bring me home again to fight against the children of , and the LORD deliver them before me, shall I be your head?

 And the elders of  said unto , The LORD be  between us, if we do not so according to thy words.

 Then  went with the elders of , and the people made him head and captain over them: and  uttered all his words before the LORD in Mizpeh.

 And  sent messengers unto the  of the children of , saying, What hast thou to do with me, that thou art come against me to fight in my land?

 And the  of the children of  answered unto the messengers of , Because  took away my land, when they came up out of , from  even unto , and unto : now therefore restore those lands again peaceably.

 And  sent messengers again unto the  of the children of :

 And said unto him, Thus saith ,  took not away the land of , nor the land of the children of :

 But when  came up from , and walked through the  unto the Red sea, and came to ;

 Then  sent messengers unto the  of , saying, Let me, I pray thee, pass through thy land: but the  of  would not hearken thereto. And in like manner they sent unto the  of : but he would not consent: and  abode in .

 Then they went along through the , and compassed the land of , and the land of , and came by the  side of the land of , and pitched on the other side of , but came not within the border of : for  was the border of .

 And  sent messengers unto   of the , the  of ; and  said unto him, Let us pass, we pray thee, through thy land into my place.

 But  trusted not  to pass through his coast: but  gathered all his people together, and pitched in , and fought against .

 And the LORD God of  delivered  and all his people into the hand of , and they smote them: so  possessed all the land of the , the inhabitants of that country.

 And they possessed all the coasts of the , from  even unto , and from the  even unto .

 So now the LORD God of  hath dispossessed the  from before his people , and shouldest thou possess it?

 Wilt not thou possess that which  thy god giveth thee to possess? So whomsoever the LORD our God shall drive out from before us, them will we possess.

 And now art thou any thing better than  the son of ,  of ? did he ever strive against , or did he ever fight against them,

 While  dwelt in  and her towns, and in  and her towns, and in all the cities that be along by the coasts of , three hundred years? why therefore did ye not recover them within that time?

 Wherefore I have not sinned against thee, but thou doest me wrong to war against me: the LORD the  be  this day between the children of  and the children of .

 Howbeit the  of the children of  hearkened not unto the words of  which he sent him.

 Then the  of the LORD came upon , and he passed over , and , and passed over Mizpeh of , and from Mizpeh of  he passed over unto the children of .

 And  vowed a vow unto the LORD, and said, If thou shalt without fail deliver the children of  into mine hands,

 Then it shall be, that whatsoever cometh forth of the  of my house to meet me, when I return in peace from the children of , shall surely be the LORD's, and I will offer it up for a burnt .

 So  passed over unto the children of  to fight against them; and the LORD delivered them into his hands.

 And he smote them from , even till thou come to , even twenty cities, and unto the  of the vineyards, with a very great slaughter. Thus the children of  were subdued before the children of .

 And  came to Mizpeh unto his house, and, behold, his daughter came out to meet him with timbrels and with dances: and she was his only child; beside her he had neither son nor daughter.

 And it came to pass, when he saw her, that he  his clothes, and said, Alas, my daughter! thou hast brought me very low, and thou art one of them that trouble me: for I have opened my mouth unto the LORD, and I cannot go back.

 And she said unto him, My father, if thou hast opened thy mouth unto the LORD, do to me according to that which hath proceeded out of thy mouth; forasmuch as the LORD hath taken vengeance for thee of thine enemies, even of the children of .

 And she said unto her father, Let this thing be done for me: let me alone two months, that I may go up and down upon the mountains, and bewail my virginity, I and my fellows.

 And he said, Go. And he sent her away for two months: and she went with her companions, and bewailed her virginity upon the mountains.

 And it came to pass at the end of two months, that she returned unto her father, who did with her according to his vow which he had vowed: and she knew no man. And it was a  in ,

 That the daughters of  went yearly to lament the daughter of  the Gileadite four days in a year.
