King James Version: Judges: Judges Chapter
King James Version: Judges Chapter
And the children of  did evil in the sight of the LORD: and the LORD delivered them into the hand of   years.

 And the hand of  prevailed against : and because of the Midianites the children of  made them the dens which are in the mountains, and caves, and strong holds.

 And so it was, when  had sown, that the Midianites came up, and the Amalekites, and the children of the , even they came up against them;

 And they encamped against them, and destroyed the increase of the earth, till thou come unto , and left no sustenance for , neither , nor , nor .

 For they came up with their  and their tents, and they came as grasshoppers for multitude; for both they and their camels were without number: and they entered into the land to destroy it.

 And  was greatly impoverished because of the Midianites; and the children of  cried unto the LORD.

 And it came to pass, when the children of  cried unto the LORD because of the Midianites,

 That the LORD sent a  unto the children of , which said unto them, Thus saith the LORD God of , I brought you up from , and brought you forth out of the house of ;

 And I delivered you out of the hand of the Egyptians, and out of the hand of all that oppressed you, and drave them out from before you, and gave you their land;

 And I said unto you, I am the LORD your God; fear not the gods of the , in whose land ye dwell: but ye have not obeyed my voice.

 And there came an  of the LORD, and sat under an  which was in , that pertained unto  the : and his son  threshed  by the winepress, to hide it from the Midianites.

 And the  of the LORD appeared unto him, and said unto him, The LORD is with thee, thou mighty man of valour.

 And  said unto him, Oh my Lord, if the LORD be with us, why then is all this befallen us? and where be all his miracles which our fathers told us of, saying, Did not the LORD bring us up from ? but now the LORD hath forsaken us, and delivered us into the hands of the Midianites.

 And the LORD looked upon him, and said, Go in this thy might, and thou shalt save  from the hand of the Midianites: have not I sent thee?

 And he said unto him, Oh my Lord, wherewith shall I save ?  behold, my family is  in , and I am the least in my father's house.

 And the LORD said unto him, Surely I will be with thee, and thou shalt smite the Midianites as one man.

 And he said unto him, If now I have found  in thy sight, then shew me a sign that thou talkest with me.

 Depart not hence, I pray thee, until I come unto thee, and bring forth my present, and set it before thee. And he said, I will tarry until thou come again.

 And  went in, and made ready a kid, and unleavened cakes of an  of : the  he put in a , and he put the broth in a pot, and brought it out unto him under the , and presented it.

 And the  of God said unto him, Take the  and the unleavened cakes, and lay them upon this , and pour out the broth. And he did so.

 Then the  of the LORD put forth the end of the staff that was in his hand, and touched the  and the unleavened cakes; and there rose up fire out of the , and consumed the  and the unleavened cakes. Then the  of the LORD departed out of his sight.

 And when  perceived that he was an  of the LORD,  said, Alas, O LORD God! for because I have seen an  of the LORD face to face.

 And the LORD said unto him, Peace be unto thee; fear not: thou shalt not die.

 Then  built an  there unto the LORD, and called it Jehovahshalom: unto this day it is yet in  of the Abiezrites.

 And it came to pass the same night, that the LORD said unto him, Take thy father's young , even the second  of  years old, and throw down the  of  that thy father hath, and cut down the  that is by it:

 And build an  unto the LORD thy God upon the top of this , in the ordered place, and take the second , and offer a burnt  with the  of the  which thou shalt cut down.

 Then  took ten men of his servants, and did as the LORD had said unto him: and so it was, because he feared his father's household, and the men of the city, that he could not do it by day, that he did it by night.

 And when the men of the city arose early in the morning, behold, the  of  was cast down, and the  was cut down that was by it, and the second  was offered upon the  that was built.

 And they said one to another, Who hath done this thing? And when they enquired and asked, they said,  the son of  hath done this thing.

 Then the men of the city said unto , Bring out thy son, that he may die: because he hath cast down the  of , and because he hath cut down the  that was by it.

 And  said unto all that stood against him, Will ye plead for ? will ye save him? he that will plead for him, let him be put to death whilst it is yet morning: if he be a god, let him plead for himself, because one hath cast down his .

 Therefore on that day he called him , saying, Let  plead against him, because he hath thrown down his .

 Then all the Midianites and the Amalekites and the children of the  were gathered together, and went over, and pitched in the  of .

 But the  of the LORD came upon , and he blew a trumpet; and  was gathered after him.

 And he sent messengers throughout all ; who also was gathered after him: and he sent messengers unto , and unto , and unto ; and they came up to meet them.

 And  said unto God, If thou wilt save  by mine hand, as thou hast said,

 Behold, I will put a  of  in the floor; and if the  be on the  only, and it be dry upon all the earth beside, then shall I know that thou wilt save  by mine hand, as thou hast said.

 And it was so: for he rose up early on the morrow, and thrust the  together, and wringed the  out of the , a  full of water.

 And  said unto God, Let not thine  be hot against me, and I will speak but this once: let me prove, I pray thee, but this once with the ; let it now be dry only upon the , and upon all the ground let there be .

 And God did so that night: for it was dry upon the  only, and there was  on all the ground.
