King James Version: Judges: Judges Chapter
King James Version: Judges Chapter
Then sang  and  the son of  on that day, saying,

 Praise ye the LORD for the avenging of , when the people willingly offered themselves.

 Hear, O ye kings; give , O ye princes; I, even I, will sing unto the LORD; I will sing praise to the LORD God of .

 LORD, when thou wentest out of , when thou marchedst out of the field of , the earth trembled, and the heavens dropped, the clouds also dropped water.

 The mountains melted from before the LORD, even that  from before the LORD God of .

 In the days of  the son of , in the days of , the highways were unoccupied, and the travellers walked through byways.

 The inhabitants of the  ceased, they ceased in , until that I  arose, that I arose a mother in .

 They chose new gods; then was war in the gates: was there a  or spear seen among forty thousand in ?

 My heart is toward the governors of , that offered themselves willingly among the people.  ye the LORD.

 Speak, ye that ride on white asses, ye that sit in judgment, and walk by the way.

 They that are delivered from the noise of archers in the places of drawing water, there shall they rehearse the righteous acts of the LORD, even the righteous acts toward the inhabitants of his  in : then shall the people of the LORD go down to the gates.

 Awake, awake, : awake, awake, utter a song: arise, , and lead thy  , thou son of .

 Then he made him that remaineth have dominion over the nobles among the people: the LORD made me have dominion over the mighty.

 Out of  was there a root of them against ; after thee, , among thy people; out of  came down governors, and out of  they that handle the pen of the writer.

 And the princes of  were with ; even , and also : he was sent on foot into the . For the divisions of  there were great thoughts of heart.

 Why abodest thou among the sheepfolds, to hear the bleatings of the flocks? For the divisions of  there were great searchings of heart.

  abode beyond : and why did  remain in ?  continued on the sea shore, and abode in his breaches.

  and  were a people that jeoparded their lives unto the death in the high places of the field.

 The kings came and fought, then fought the kings of  in  by the waters of ; they took no gain of money.

 They fought from ; the  in their  fought against .

 The river of  swept them away, that ancient river, the river . O my soul, thou hast trodden down strength.

 Then were the horsehoofs broken by the means of the pransings, the pransings of their mighty ones.

  ye , said the  of the LORD,  ye bitterly the inhabitants thereof; because they came not to the help of the LORD, to the help of the LORD against the mighty.

 Blessed above women shall  the wife of  the Kenite be, blessed shall she be above women in the .

 He asked water, and she gave him ; she brought forth  in a lordly .

 She put her hand to the , and her right hand to the workmen's ; and with the  she smote , she smote off his head, when she had pierced and stricken through his temples.

 At her feet he bowed, he fell, he lay down: at her feet he bowed, he fell: where he bowed, there he fell down dead.

 The mother of  looked out at a window, and cried through the , Why is his  so long in coming? why tarry the wheels of his chariots?

 Her  ladies answered her, yea, she returned answer to herself,

 Have they not sped? have they not divided the prey; to every man a damsel or two; to  a prey of divers colours, a prey of divers colours of needlework, of divers colours of needlework on both sides, meet for the necks of them that take the spoil?

 So let all thine enemies perish, O LORD: but let them that love him be as the  when he goeth forth in his might. And the land had rest forty years.
