King James Version: Judges: Judges Chapter
King James Version: Judges Chapter
Now after the death of  it came to pass, that the children of  asked the LORD, saying, Who shall go up for us against the  first, to fight against them?

 And the LORD said,  shall go up: behold, I have delivered the land into his hand.

 And  said unto  his brother, Come up with me into my lot, that we may fight against the ; and I likewise will go with thee into thy lot. So  went with him.

 And  went up; and the LORD delivered the  and the  into their hand: and they slew of them in  ten thousand men.

 And they found  in : and they fought against him, and they slew the  and the .

 But  fled; and they pursued after him, and caught him, and cut off his thumbs and his great toes.

 And  said, Threescore and ten kings, having their thumbs and their great toes cut off, gathered their meat under my table: as I have done, so God hath requited me. And they brought him to , and there he died.

 Now the children of  had fought against , and had taken it, and smitten it with the edge of the , and set the city on fire.

 And afterward the children of  went down to fight against the , that dwelt in the mountain, and in the south, and in the .

 And  went against the  that dwelt in : (now the name of  before was Kirjatharba:) and they slew , and , and .

 And from thence he went against the inhabitants of : and the name of  before was Kirjathsepher:

 And  said, He that smiteth Kirjathsepher, and taketh it, to him will I give  my daughter to wife.

 And  the son of , Caleb's younger brother, took it: and he gave him  his daughter to wife.

 And it came to pass, when she came to him, that she moved him to ask of her father a field: and she lighted from off her ; and  said unto her, What wilt thou?

 And she said unto him, Give me a blessing: for thou hast given me a south land; give me also springs of water. And  gave her the upper springs and the nether springs.

 And the children of the Kenite, Moses' father in law, went up out of the city of palm trees with the children of  into the  of , which lieth in the south of ; and they went and dwelt among the people.

 And  went with  his brother, and they slew the  that inhabited , and utterly destroyed it. And the name of the city was called .

 Also  took  with the coast thereof, and Askelon with the coast thereof, and  with the coast thereof.

 And the LORD was with ; and he drave out the inhabitants of the mountain; but could not drive out the inhabitants of the , because they had chariots of .

 And they gave  unto , as  said: and he expelled thence the three sons of .

 And the children of  did not drive out the  that inhabited ; but the  dwell with the children of  in  unto this day.

 And the house of , they also went up against : and the LORD was with them.

 And the house of  sent to descry . (Now the name of the city before was .)

 And the  saw a man come forth out of the city, and they said unto him, Shew us, we pray thee, the entrance into the city, and we will shew thee .

 And when he shewed them the entrance into the city, they smote the city with the edge of the ; but they let go the man and all his family.

 And the man went into the land of the , and built a city, and called the name thereof : which is the name thereof unto this day.

 Neither did  drive out the inhabitants of Bethshean and her towns, nor  and her towns, nor the inhabitants of  and her towns, nor the inhabitants of  and her towns, nor the inhabitants of  and her towns: but the  would dwell in that land.

 And it came to pass, when  was strong, that they put the  to , and did not utterly drive them out.

 Neither did  drive out the  that dwelt in ; but the  dwelt in  among them.

 Neither did  drive out the inhabitants of , nor the inhabitants of Nahalol; but the  dwelt among them, and became tributaries.

 Neither did  drive out the inhabitants of , nor the inhabitants of , nor of , nor of , nor of , nor of , nor of :

 But the Asherites dwelt among the , the inhabitants of the land: for they did not drive them out.

 Neither did  drive out the inhabitants of Bethshemesh, nor the inhabitants of Bethanath; but he dwelt among the , the inhabitants of the land: nevertheless the inhabitants of Bethshemesh and of Bethanath became tributaries unto them.

 And the  forced the children of  into the mountain: for they would not suffer them to come down to the :

 But the  would dwell in   in Aijalon, and in Shaalbim: yet the hand of the house of  prevailed, so that they became tributaries.

 And the coast of the  was from the going up to , from the , and upward.
