King James Version: Judges: Judges Chapter
King James Version: Judges Chapter
Then went  to , and saw there an , and went in unto her.

 And it was told the Gazites, saying,  is come hither. And they compassed him in, and laid wait for him all night in the  of the city, and were quiet all the night, saying, In the morning, when it is day, we shall kill him.

 And  lay till midnight, and arose at midnight, and took the  of the  of the city, and the two posts, and went away with them, bar and all, and put them upon his shoulders, and carried them up to the top of an hill that is before .

 And it came to pass afterward, that he loved a woman in the  of , whose name was .

 And the lords of the  came up unto her, and said unto her, Entice him, and see wherein his great strength lieth, and by what means we may prevail against him, that we may bind him to afflict him; and we will give thee every one of us eleven hundred  of .

 And  said to , Tell me, I pray thee, wherein thy great strength lieth, and wherewith thou mightest be bound to afflict thee.

 And  said unto her, If they bind me with  green withs that were never dried, then shall I be weak, and be as another man.

 Then the lords of the  brought up to her  green withs which had not been dried, and she bound him with them.

 Now there were men lying in wait, abiding with her in the . And she said unto him, The  be upon thee, . And he brake the withs, as a thread of  is broken when it toucheth the fire. So his strength was not known.

 And  said unto , Behold, thou hast mocked me, and told me lies: now tell me, I pray thee, wherewith thou mightest be bound.

 And he said unto her, If they bind me  with new ropes that never were occupied, then shall I be weak, and be as another man.

  therefore took new ropes, and bound him therewith, and said unto him, The  be upon thee, . And there were liers in wait abiding in the . And he brake them from off his arms like a thread.

 And  said unto , Hitherto thou hast mocked me, and told me lies: tell me wherewith thou mightest be bound. And he said unto her, If thou weavest the  locks of my head with the web.

 And she fastened it with the pin, and said unto him, The  be upon thee, . And he awaked out of his sleep, and went away with the pin of the , and with the web.

 And she said unto him, How canst thou say, I love thee, when thine heart is not with me? thou hast mocked me these three times, and hast not told me wherein thy great strength lieth.

 And it came to pass, when she pressed him daily with her words, and urged him, so that his soul was vexed unto death;

 That he told her all his heart, and said unto her, There hath not come a  upon mine head; for I have been a  unto God from my mother's womb: if I be shaven, then my strength will go from me, and I shall become weak, and be like any other man.

 And when  saw that he had told her all his heart, she sent and called for the lords of the , saying, Come up this once, for he hath shewed me all his heart. Then the lords of the  came up unto her, and brought money in their hand.

 And she made him sleep upon her knees; and she called for a man, and she caused him to shave off the  locks of his head; and she began to afflict him, and his strength went from him.

 And she said, The  be upon thee, . And he awoke out of his sleep, and said, I will go out as at other times before, and shake myself. And he wist not that the LORD was departed from him.

 But the  took him, and put out his eyes, and brought him down to , and bound him with fetters of ; and he did  in the  house.

 Howbeit the hair of his head began to grow again after he was shaven.

 Then the lords of the  gathered them together for to offer a great  unto  their god, and to rejoice: for they said, Our god hath delivered  our enemy into our hand.

 And when the people saw him, they praised their god: for they said, Our god hath delivered into our hands our enemy, and the  of our country, which slew many of us.

 And it came to pass, when their hearts were merry, that they said, Call for , that he may make us sport. And they called for  out of the  house; and he made them sport: and they set him between the pillars.

 And  said unto the lad that held him by the hand, Suffer me that I may feel the pillars whereupon the house standeth, that I may lean upon them.

 Now the house was full of men and women; and all the lords of the  were there; and there were upon the roof about three thousand men and women, that beheld while  made sport.

 And  called unto the LORD, and said, O Lord God, remember me, I pray thee, and strengthen me, I pray thee, only this once, O God, that I may be at once avenged of the  for my two eyes.

 And  took hold of the two middle pillars upon which the house stood, and on which it was borne up, of the one with his right hand, and of the other with his left.

 And  said, Let me die with the . And he bowed himself with all his might; and the house fell upon the lords, and upon all the people that were therein. So the dead which he slew at his death were more than they which he slew in his life.

 Then his brethren and all the house of his father came down, and took him, and brought him up, and buried him between  and  in the buryingplace of  his father. And he judged  twenty years.
