King James Version: Judges: Judges Chapter
King James Version: Judges Chapter
Now these are the nations which the LORD left, to prove  by them, even as many of  as had not known all the wars of ;

 Only that the generations of the children of  might know, to teach them war, at the least such as before knew nothing thereof;

 Namely, five lords of the , and all the , and the Sidonians, and the  that dwelt in  , from  Baalhermon unto the entering in of .

 And they were to prove  by them, to know whether they would hearken unto the commandments of the LORD, which he commanded their fathers by the hand of .

 And the children of  dwelt among the , , and , and , and , and :

 And they took their daughters to be their wives, and gave their daughters to their sons, and served their gods.

 And the children of  did evil in the sight of the LORD, and forgat the LORD their God, and served  and the groves.

 Therefore the  of the LORD was hot against , and he sold them into the hand of Chushanrishathaim  of : and the children of  served Chushanrishathaim eight years.

 And when the children of  cried unto the LORD, the LORD raised up a deliverer to the children of , who delivered them, even  the son of , Caleb's younger brother.

 And the  of the LORD came upon him, and he judged , and went out to war: and the LORD delivered Chushanrishathaim  of  into his hand; and his hand prevailed against Chushanrishathaim.

 And the land had rest forty years. And  the son of  died.

 And the children of  did evil again in the sight of the LORD: and the LORD strengthened  the  of  against , because they had done evil in the sight of the LORD.

 And he gathered unto him the children of  and , and went and smote , and possessed the city of palm trees.

 So the children of  served  the  of  eighteen years.

 But when the children of  cried unto the LORD, the LORD raised them up a deliverer,  the son of , a Benjamite, a man lefthanded: and by him the children of  sent a present unto  the  of .

 But  made him a dagger which had two edges, of a  length; and he did gird it under his raiment upon his right thigh.

 And he brought the present unto   of : and  was a very  man.

 And when he had made an end to offer the present, he sent away the people that bare the present.

 But he himself turned again from the  that were by , and said, I have a secret errand unto thee, O : who said, Keep silence. And all that stood by him went out from him.

 And  came unto him; and he was  in a summer , which he had for himself alone. And  said, I have a message from God unto thee. And he arose out of his seat.

 And  put forth his left hand, and took the dagger from his right thigh, and thrust it into his :

 And the  also went in after the ; and the  closed upon the , so that he could not draw the dagger out of his ; and the dirt came out.

 Then  went forth through the porch, and shut the  of the  upon him, and locked them.

 When he was gone out, his servants came; and when they saw that, behold, the  of the  were locked, they said, Surely he covereth his feet in his summer .

 And they tarried till they were ashamed: and, behold, he opened not the  of the ; therefore they took a , and opened them: and, behold, their lord was fallen down dead on the earth.

 And  escaped while they tarried, and passed beyond the , and escaped unto .

 And it came to pass, when he was come, that he blew a trumpet in the mountain of , and the children of  went down with him from the , and he before them.

 And he said unto them, Follow after me: for the LORD hath delivered your enemies the Moabites into your hand. And they went down after him, and took the fords of  toward , and suffered not a man to pass over.

 And they slew of  at that time about ten thousand men, all lusty, and all men of valour; and there escaped not a man.

 So  was subdued that day under the hand of . And the land had rest fourscore years.

 And after him was  the son of , which slew of the  six hundred men with an  : and he also delivered .
