King James Version: Judges: Judges Chapter
King James Version: Judges Chapter
Then all the children of  went out, and the  was gathered together as one man, from  even to , with the land of , unto the LORD in Mizpeh.

 And the chief of all the people, even of all the tribes of , presented themselves in the assembly of the people of God, four hundred thousand footmen that drew .

 (Now the children of  heard that the children of  were gone up to Mizpeh.) Then said the children of , Tell us, how was this wickedness?

 And the , the husband of the woman that was slain, answered and said, I came into  that belongeth to , I and my , to .

 And the men of  rose against me, and beset the house round about upon me by night, and thought to have slain me: and my  have they forced, that she is dead.

 And I took my , and cut her in , and sent her throughout all the country of the inheritance of : for they have committed  and folly in .

 Behold, ye are all children of ; give here your advice and counsel.

 And all the people arose as one man, saying, We will not any of us go to his , neither will we any of us turn into his house.

 But now this shall be the thing which we will do to ; we will go up by lot against it;

 And we will take ten men of an hundred throughout all the tribes of , and an hundred of a thousand, and a thousand out of ten thousand, to fetch victual for the people, that they may do, when they come to  of , according to all the folly that they have wrought in .

 So all the men of  were gathered against the city, knit together as one man.

 And the tribes of  sent men through all the  of , saying, What wickedness is this that is done among you?

 Now therefore deliver us the men, the children of , which are in , that we may put them to death, and put away evil from . But the children of  would not hearken to the voice of their brethren the children of .

 But the children of  gathered themselves together out of the cities unto , to go out to battle against the children of .

 And the children of  were numbered at that time out of the cities twenty and six thousand men that drew , beside the inhabitants of , which were numbered  hundred  men.

 Among all this people there were  hundred  men lefthanded; every one could  stones at an hair breadth, and not miss.

 And the men of , beside , were numbered four hundred thousand men that drew : all these were men of war.

 And the children of  arose, and went up to the house of God, and asked counsel of God, and said, Which of us shall go up first to the battle against the children of ? And the LORD said,  shall go up first.

 And the children of  rose up in the morning, and encamped against .

 And the men of  went out to battle against ; and the men of  put themselves in array to fight against them at .

 And the children of  came forth out of , and destroyed down to the ground of the Israelites that day twenty and two thousand men.

 And the people the men of  encouraged themselves, and set their battle again in array in the place where they put themselves in array the first day.

 (And the children of  went up and wept before the LORD until even, and asked counsel of the LORD, saying, Shall I go up again to battle against the children of  my brother? And the LORD said, Go up against him.)

 And the children of  came near against the children of  the second day.

 And  went forth against them out of  the second day, and destroyed down to the ground of the children of  again eighteen thousand men; all these drew the .

 Then all the children of , and all the people, went up, and came unto the house of God, and wept, and sat there before the LORD, and fasted that day until even, and offered burnt offerings and peace offerings before the LORD.

 And the children of  enquired of the LORD, (for the  of the  of God was there in those days,

 And , the son of , the son of , stood before it in those days,) saying, Shall I yet again go out to battle against the children of  my brother, or shall I cease? And the LORD said, Go up; for to morrow I will deliver them into thine hand.

 And  set liers in wait round about .

 And the children of  went up against the children of  on the third day, and put themselves in array against , as at other times.

 And the children of  went out against the people, and were drawn away from the city; and they began to smite of the people, and kill, as at other times, in the highways, of which one goeth up to the house of God, and the other to  in the field, about thirty men of .

 And the children of  said, They are smitten down before us, as at the first. But the children of  said, Let us flee, and draw them from the city unto the highways.

 And all the men of  rose up out of their place, and put themselves in array at Baaltamar: and the liers in wait of  came forth out of their places, even out of the meadows of .

 And there came against  ten thousand  men out of all , and the battle was sore: but they knew not that evil was near them.

 And the LORD smote  before : and the children of  destroyed of the Benjamites that day twenty and five thousand and an hundred men: all these drew the .

 So the children of  saw that they were smitten: for the men of  gave place to the Benjamites, because they trusted unto the liers in wait which they had set beside .

 And the liers in wait hasted, and rushed upon ; and the liers in wait drew themselves along, and smote all the city with the edge of the .

 Now there was an appointed sign between the men of  and the liers in wait, that they should make a great flame with smoke rise up out of the city.

 And when the men of  retired in the battle,  began to smite and kill of the men of  about thirty persons: for they said, Surely they are smitten down before us, as in the first battle.

 But when the flame began to arise up out of the city with a  of smoke, the Benjamites looked behind them, and, behold, the flame of the city ascended up to .

 And when the men of  turned again, the men of  were amazed: for they saw that evil was come upon them.

 Therefore they turned their backs before the men of  unto the way of the ; but the battle overtook them; and them which came out of the cities they destroyed in the midst of them.

 Thus they inclosed the Benjamites round about, and chased them, and trode them down with ease over against  toward the sunrising.

 And there fell of  eighteen thousand men; all these were men of valour.

 And they turned and fled toward the  unto the  of : and they gleaned of them in the highways five thousand men; and pursued hard after them unto Gidom, and slew two thousand men of them.

 So that all which fell that day of  were twenty and five thousand men that drew the ; all these were men of valour.

 But six hundred men turned and fled to the  unto the  , and abode in the   four months.

 And the men of  turned again upon the children of , and smote them with the edge of the , as well the men of every city, as the , and all that came to hand: also they set on fire all the cities that they came to.
