King James Version: Judges: Judges Chapter
King James Version: Judges Chapter
But it came to pass within a while after, in the time of  , that  visited his wife with a kid; and he said, I will go in to my wife into the . But her father would not suffer him to go in.

 And her father said, I verily thought that thou hadst utterly hated her; therefore I gave her to thy companion: is not her younger sister fairer than she? take her, I pray thee, instead of her.

 And  said concerning them, Now shall I be more blameless than the , though I do them a displeasure.

 And  went and caught three hundred foxes, and took firebrands, and turned tail to tail, and put a  in the midst between two tails.

 And when he had set the brands on fire, he let them go into the standing  of the , and burnt up both the shocks, and also the standing , with the vineyards and olives.

 Then the  said, Who hath done this? And they answered, , the son in law of the , because he had taken his wife, and given her to his companion. And the  came up, and burnt her and her father with fire.

 And  said unto them, Though ye have done this, yet will I be avenged of you, and after that I will cease.

 And he smote them hip and thigh with a great slaughter: and he went down and dwelt in the top of the  .

 Then the  went up, and pitched in , and spread themselves in .

 And the men of  said, Why are ye come up against us? And they answered, To bind  are we come up, to do to him as he hath done to us.

 Then three thousand men of  went to the top of the  , and said to , Knowest thou not that the  are rulers over us? what is this that thou hast done unto us? And he said unto them, As they did unto me, so have I done unto them.

 And they said unto him, We are come down to bind thee, that we may deliver thee into the hand of the . And  said unto them, Swear unto me, that ye will not fall upon me yourselves.

 And they spake unto him, saying, No; but we will bind thee , and deliver thee into their hand: but surely we will not kill thee. And they bound him with two new cords, and brought him up from the .

 And when he came unto , the  shouted against him: and the  of the LORD came mightily upon him, and the cords that were upon his arms became as  that was burnt with fire, and his  loosed from off his hands.

 And he found a new jawbone of an , and put forth his hand, and took it, and slew a thousand men therewith.

 And  said, With the jawbone of an , heaps upon heaps, with the jaw of an  have I slain a thousand men.

 And it came to pass, when he had made an end of speaking, that he cast away the jawbone out of his hand, and called that place Ramathlehi.

 And he was sore athirst, and called on the LORD, and said, Thou hast given this great deliverance into the hand of thy servant: and now shall I die for thirst, and fall into the hand of the uncircumcised?

 But God clave an hollow place that was in the jaw, and there came water thereout; and when he had , his  came again, and he revived: wherefore he called the name thereof Enhakkore, which is in  unto this day.

 And he judged  in the days of the  twenty years.
