King James Version: Judges: Judges Chapter
King James Version: Judges Chapter
And the men of  said unto him, Why hast thou served us thus, that thou calledst us not, when thou wentest to fight with the Midianites?  And they did chide with him sharply.

 And he said unto them, What have I done now in comparison of you? Is not the gleaning of the grapes of  better than the vintage of ?

 God hath delivered into your hands the princes of ,  and : and what was I able to do in comparison of you? Then their  was abated toward him, when he had said that.

 And  came to , and passed over, he, and the three hundred men that were with him, faint, yet pursuing them.

 And he said unto the men of , Give, I pray you, loaves of  unto the people that follow me; for they be faint, and I am pursuing after  and , kings of .

 And the princes of  said, Are the hands of  and  now in thine hand, that we should give  unto thine army?

 And  said, Therefore when the LORD hath delivered  and  into mine hand, then I will tear your  with the thorns of the  and with briers.

 And he went up thence to , and spake unto them likewise: and the men of  answered him as the men of  had answered him.

 And he spake also unto the men of , saying, When I come again in peace, I will break down this tower.

 Now  and  were in , and their hosts with them, about fifteen thousand men, all that were left of all the hosts of the children of the : for there fell an hundred and twenty thousand men that drew .

 And  went up by the way of them that dwelt in tents on the  of  and Jogbehah, and smote the ; for the  was secure.

 And when  and  fled, he pursued after them, and took the two kings of ,  and , and discomfited all the .

 And  the son of  returned from battle before the  was up,

 And caught a young man of the men of , and enquired of him: and he described unto him the princes of , and the elders thereof, even threescore and seventeen men.

 And he came unto the men of , and said, Behold  and , with whom ye did upbraid me, saying, Are the hands of  and  now in thine hand, that we should give  unto thy men that are weary?

 And he took the elders of the city, and thorns of the  and briers, and with them he taught the men of .

 And he beat down the tower of , and slew the men of the city.

 Then said he unto  and , What manner of men were they whom ye slew at ? And they answered, As thou art, so were they; each one resembled the children of a .

 And he said, They were my brethren, even the sons of my mother: as the LORD liveth, if ye had saved them alive, I would not slay you.

 And he said unto  his firstborn, Up, and slay them. But the youth drew not his : for he feared, because he was yet a youth.

 Then  and  said, Rise thou, and fall upon us: for as the man is, so is his strength. And  arose, and slew  and , and took away the ornaments that were on their camels' necks.

 Then the men of  said unto , Rule thou over us, both thou, and thy son, and thy son's son also: for thou hast delivered us from the hand of .

 And  said unto them, I will not rule over you, neither shall my son rule over you: the LORD shall rule over you.

 And  said unto them, I would desire a request of you, that ye would give me every man the  of his prey. (For they had golden , because they were Ishmaelites.)

 And they answered, We will willingly give them. And they spread a garment, and did cast therein every man the  of his prey.

 And the weight of the golden  that he requested was a thousand and  hundred shekels of ; beside ornaments, and collars, and purple raiment that was on the kings of , and beside the chains that were about their camels' necks.

 And  made an  thereof, and put it in his city, even in : and all  went thither a whoring after it: which thing became a  unto , and to his house.

 Thus was  subdued before the children of , so that they lifted up their heads no more. And the country was in quietness forty years in the days of .

 And  the son of  went and dwelt in his own house.

 And  had threescore and ten sons of his body begotten: for he had many wives.

 And his  that was in , she also bare him a son, whose name he called .

 And  the son of  died in a good old age, and was buried in the  of  his father, in  of the Abiezrites.

 And it came to pass, as soon as  was dead, that the children of  turned again, and went a whoring after , and made Baalberith their god.

 And the children of  remembered not the LORD their God, who had delivered them out of the hands of all their enemies on every side:

 Neither shewed they kindness to the house of , namely, , according to all the  which he had shewed unto .
