King James Version: Judges: Judges Chapter
King James Version: Judges Chapter
And the children of  again did evil in the sight of the LORD, when  was dead.

 And the LORD sold them into the hand of   of , that reigned in ; the captain of whose  was , which dwelt in Harosheth of the .

 And the children of  cried unto the LORD: for he had nine hundred chariots of ; and twenty years he mightily oppressed the children of .

 And , a prophetess, the wife of , she judged  at that time.

 And she dwelt under the palm tree of  between  and  in  : and the children of  came up to her for judgment.

 And she sent and called  the son of  out of Kedeshnaphtali, and said unto him, Hath not the LORD God of  commanded, saying, Go and draw toward  , and take with thee ten thousand men of the children of  and of the children of ?

 And I will draw unto thee to the river  , the captain of Jabin's army, with his chariots and his multitude; and I will deliver him into thine hand.

 And  said unto her, If thou wilt go with me, then I will go: but if thou wilt not go with me, then I will not go.

 And she said, I will surely go with thee: notwithstanding the  that thou takest shall not be for thine honour; for the LORD shall sell  into the hand of a woman. And  arose, and went with  to .

 And  called  and  to ; and he went up with ten thousand men at his feet: and  went up with him.

 Now  the Kenite, which was of the children of  the father in law of , had severed himself from the , and pitched his  unto the  of , which is by .

 And they shewed  that  the son of  was gone up to  .

 And  gathered together all his chariots, even nine hundred chariots of , and all the people that were with him, from Harosheth of the  unto the river of .

 And  said unto , Up; for this is the day in which the LORD hath delivered  into thine hand: is not the LORD gone out before thee? So  went down from  , and ten thousand men after him.

 And the LORD discomfited , and all his chariots, and all his , with the edge of the  before ; so that  lighted down off his , and fled away on his feet.

 But  pursued after the chariots, and after the , unto Harosheth of the : and all the  of  fell upon the edge of the ; and there was not a man left.

 Howbeit  fled away on his feet to the  of  the wife of  the Kenite: for there was peace between  the  of  and the house of  the Kenite.

 And  went out to meet , and said unto him, Turn in, my lord, turn in to me; fear not. And when he had turned in unto her into the , she covered him with a .

 And he said unto her, Give me, I pray thee, a little water to ; for I am thirsty. And she opened a  of , and gave him , and covered him.

 Again he said unto her, Stand in the door of the , and it shall be, when any man doth come and enquire of thee, and say, Is there any man here? that thou shalt say, No.

 Then  Heber's wife took a  of the , and took an  in her hand, and went softly unto him, and smote the  into his temples, and fastened it into the ground: for he was  asleep and weary. So he died.

 And, behold, as  pursued ,  came out to meet him, and said unto him, Come, and I will shew thee the man whom thou seekest. And when he came into her , behold,  lay dead, and the  was in his temples.

 So God subdued on that day  the  of  before the children of .

 And the hand of the children of  prospered, and prevailed against  the  of , until they had destroyed   of .
