King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel):
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
And  died; and all the Israelites were gathered together, and lamented him, and buried him in his house at . And  arose, and went down to the  of .

 And there was a man in , whose possessions were in ; and the man was very great, and he had three thousand , and a thousand goats: and he was shearing his  in .

 Now the name of the man was ; and the name of his wife : and she was a woman of good understanding, and of a beautiful countenance: but the man was churlish and evil in his doings; and he was of the house of .

 And  heard in the  that  did shear his .

 And  sent out ten young men, and  said unto the young men, Get you up to , and go to , and greet him in my name:

 And thus shall ye say to him that liveth in prosperity, Peace be both to thee, and peace be to thine house, and peace be unto all that thou hast.

 And now I have heard that thou hast shearers: now thy shepherds which were with us, we hurt them not, neither was there ought missing unto them, all the while they were in .

 Ask thy young men, and they will shew thee. Wherefore let the young men find favour in thine eyes: for we come in a good day: give, I pray thee, whatsoever cometh to thine hand unto thy servants, and to thy son .

 And when David's young men came, they spake to  according to all those words in the name of , and ceased.

 And  answered David's servants, and said, Who is ? and who is the son of ? there be many servants now a days that break away every man from his master.

 Shall I then take my , and my water, and my  that I have killed for my shearers, and give it unto men, whom I know not whence they be?

 So David's young men turned their way, and went again, and came and told him all those sayings.

 And  said unto his men, Gird ye on every man his . And they girded on every man his ; and  also girded on his : and there went up after  about four hundred men; and two hundred abode by the stuff.

 But one of the young men told , Nabal's wife, saying, Behold,  sent messengers out of the  to salute our master; and he railed on them.

 But the men were very good unto us, and we were not hurt, neither missed we any thing, as long as we were conversant with them, when we were in the fields:

 They were a wall unto us both by night and day, all the while we were with them keeping the .

 Now therefore know and consider what thou wilt do; for evil is determined against our master, and against all his household: for he is such a son of , that a man cannot speak to him.

 Then  made haste, and took two hundred loaves, and two bottles of , and five  ready dressed, and five measures of parched , and an hundred clusters of , and two hundred cakes of figs, and laid them on asses.

 And she said unto her servants, Go on before me; behold, I come after you. But she told not her husband .

 And it was so, as she rode on the , that she came down by the covert on the hill, and, behold,  and his men came down against her; and she met them.

 Now  had said, Surely in vain have I kept all that this fellow hath in the , so that nothing was missed of all that pertained unto him: and he hath requited me evil for good.

 So and more also do God unto the enemies of , if I leave of all that pertain to him by the morning light any that pisseth against the wall.

 And when  saw , she hasted, and lighted off the , and fell before  on her face, and bowed herself to the ground,

 And fell at his feet, and said, Upon me, my lord, upon me let this iniquity be: and let thine , I pray thee, speak in thine audience, and hear the words of thine .

 Let not my lord, I pray thee, regard this man of , even : for as his name is, so is he;  is his name, and folly is with him: but I thine  saw not the young men of my lord, whom thou didst send.

 Now therefore, my lord, as the LORD liveth, and as thy soul liveth, seeing the LORD hath withholden thee from coming to shed , and from avenging thyself with thine own hand, now let thine enemies, and they that seek evil to my lord, be as .

 And now this blessing which thine  hath brought unto my lord, let it even be given unto the young men that follow my lord.

 I pray thee, forgive the trespass of thine : for the LORD will certainly make my lord a sure house; because my lord fighteth the battles of the LORD, and evil hath not been found in thee all thy days.

 Yet a man is risen to pursue thee, and to seek thy soul: but the soul of my lord shall be bound in the bundle of life with the LORD thy God; and the souls of thine enemies, them shall he  out, as out of the middle of a .

 And it shall come to pass, when the LORD shall have done to my lord according to all the good that he hath spoken concerning thee, and shall have appointed thee ruler over ;

 That this shall be no grief unto thee, nor offence of heart unto my lord, either that thou hast shed  causeless, or that my lord hath avenged himself: but when the LORD shall have dealt well with my lord, then remember thine .

 And  said to , Blessed be the LORD God of , which sent thee this day to meet me:

 And blessed be thy advice, and blessed be thou, which hast kept me this day from coming to shed , and from avenging myself with mine own hand.

 For in very deed, as the LORD God of  liveth, which hath kept me back from hurting thee, except thou hadst hasted and come to meet me, surely there had not been left unto  by the morning light any that pisseth against the wall.

 So  received of her hand that which she had brought him, and said unto her, Go up in peace to thine house; see, I have hearkened to thy voice, and have accepted thy person.

 And  came to ; and, behold, he held a  in his house, like the  of a ; and Nabal's heart was merry within him, for he was very drunken: wherefore she told him nothing, less or more, until the morning light.

 But it came to pass in the morning, when the  was gone out of , and his wife had told him these things, that his heart died within him, and he became as a .

 And it came to pass about ten days after, that the LORD smote , that he died.

 And when  heard that  was dead, he said, Blessed be the LORD, that hath pleaded the cause of my reproach from the hand of , and hath kept his servant from evil: for the LORD hath returned the wickedness of  upon his own head. And  sent and communed with , to take her to him to wife.

 And when the servants of  were come to  to , they spake unto her, saying,  sent us unto thee, to take thee to him to wife.

 And she arose, and bowed herself on her face to the earth, and said, Behold, let thine  be a servant to wash the feet of the servants of my lord.

 And  hasted, and arose and rode upon an , with five damsels of hers that went after her; and she went after the messengers of , and became his wife.

  also took  of ; and they were also both of them his wives.

 But  had given  his daughter, David's wife, to  the son of , which was of .
