King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel):
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
And the Ziphites came unto  to , saying, Doth not  hide himself in the hill of , which is before ?

 Then  arose, and went down to the  of , having three thousand  men of  with him, to seek  in the  of .

 And  pitched in the hill of , which is before , by the way. But  abode in the , and he saw that  came after him into the .

  therefore sent out , and understood that  was come in very deed.

 And  arose, and came to the place where  had pitched: and  beheld the place where  lay, and  the son of , the captain of his : and  lay in the trench, and the people pitched round about him.

 Then answered  and said to  the Hittite, and to  the son of , brother to , saying, Who will go down with me to  to the ? And  said, I will go down with thee.

 So  and  came to the people by night: and, behold,  lay sleeping within the trench, and his spear stuck in the ground at his : but  and the people lay round about him.

 Then said  to , God hath delivered thine enemy into thine hand this day: now therefore let me smite him, I pray thee, with the spear even to the earth at once, and I will not smite him the second time.

 And  said to , Destroy him not: for who can stretch forth his hand against the LORD's anointed, and be guiltless?

  said furthermore, As the LORD liveth, the LORD shall smite him; or his day shall come to die; or he shall descend into battle, and perish.

 The LORD forbid that I should stretch forth mine hand against the LORD's anointed: but, I pray thee, take thou now the spear that is at his , and the  of water, and let us go.

 So  took the spear and the  of water from Saul's ; and they gat them away, and no man saw it, nor knew it, neither awaked: for they were all asleep; because a  sleep from the LORD was fallen upon them.

 Then  went over to the other side, and stood on the top of an hill afar off; a great space being between them:

 And  cried to the people, and to  the son of , saying, Answerest thou not, ? Then  answered and said, Who art thou that criest to the ?

 And  said to , Art not thou a valiant man? and who is like to thee in ? wherefore then hast thou not kept thy lord the ? for there came one of the people in to destroy the  thy lord.

 This thing is not good that thou hast done. As the LORD liveth, ye are worthy to die, because ye have not kept your master, the LORD's anointed. And now see where the king's spear is, and the  of water that was at his .

 And  knew David's voice, and said, Is this thy voice, my son ? And  said, It is my voice, my lord, O .

 And he said, Wherefore doth my lord thus pursue after his servant?  for what have I done? or what evil is in mine hand?

 Now therefore, I pray thee, let my lord the  hear the words of his servant. If the LORD have stirred thee up against me, let him accept an : but if they be the children of men, cursed be they before the LORD; for they have driven me out this day from abiding in the inheritance of the LORD, saying, Go, serve other gods.

 Now therefore, let not my  fall to the earth before the face of the LORD: for the  of  is come out to seek a , as when one doth hunt a  in the mountains.

 Then said , I have sinned: return, my son : for I will no more do thee harm, because my soul was precious in thine eyes this day: behold, I have played the fool, and have erred exceedingly.

 And  answered and said, Behold the king's spear! and let one of the young men come over and fetch it.

 The LORD render to every man his  and his faithfulness; for the LORD delivered thee into my hand to day, but I would not stretch forth mine hand against the LORD's anointed.

 And, behold, as thy life was much set by this day in mine eyes, so let my life be much set by in the eyes of the LORD, and let him deliver me out of all .

 Then  said to , Blessed be thou, my son : thou shalt both do great things, and also shalt still prevail. So  went on his way, and  returned to his place.
