King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel):
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
And the  took the  of God, and brought it from Ebenezer unto .

 When the  took the  of God, they brought it into the house of , and set it by .

 And when they of  arose early on the morrow, behold,  was fallen upon his face to the earth before the  of the LORD. And they took , and set him in his place again.

 And when they arose early on the morrow morning, behold,  was fallen upon his face to the ground before the  of the LORD; and the head of  and both the palms of his hands were cut off upon the ; only the stump of  was left to him.

 Therefore neither the priests of , nor any that come into Dagon's house, tread on the  of  in  unto this day.

 But the hand of the LORD was heavy upon them of , and he destroyed them, and smote them with emerods, even  and the coasts thereof.

 And when the men of  saw that it was so, they said, The  of the God of  shall not abide with us: for his hand is sore upon us, and upon  our god.

 They sent therefore and gathered all the lords of the  unto them, and said, What shall we do with the  of the God of ? And they answered, Let the  of the God of  be carried about unto . And they carried the  of the God of  about thither.

 And it was so, that, after they had carried it about, the hand of the LORD was against the city with a very great : and he smote the men of the city, both small and great, and they had emerods in their secret parts.

 Therefore they sent the  of God to . And it came to pass, as the  of God came to , that the Ekronites cried out, saying, They have brought about the  of the God of  to us, to slay us and our people.

 So they sent and gathered together all the lords of the , and said, Send away the  of the God of , and let it go again to his own place, that it slay us not, and our people: for there was a deadly  throughout all the city; the hand of God was very heavy there.

 And the men that died not were smitten with the emerods: and the cry of the city went up to .
