King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel):
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
therefore departed thence, and escaped to the  : and when his brethren and all his father's house heard it, they went down thither to him.

 And every one that was in distress, and every one that was in , and every one that was discontented, gathered themselves unto him; and he became a captain over them: and there were with him about four hundred men.

 And  went thence to Mizpeh of : and he said unto the  of , Let my father and my mother, I pray thee, come forth, and be with you, till I know what God will do for me.

 And he brought them before the  of : and they dwelt with him all the while that  was in the hold.

 And the   said unto , Abide not in the hold; depart, and get thee into the land of . Then  departed, and came into the  of .

 When  heard that  was discovered, and the men that were with him, (now  abode in  under a tree in , having his spear in his hand, and all his servants were standing about him;)

 Then  said unto his servants that stood about him, Hear now, ye Benjamites; will the son of  give every one of you fields and vineyards, and make you all captains of , and captains of hundreds;

 That all of you have conspired against me, and there is none that sheweth me that my son hath made a  with the son of , and there is none of you that is sorry for me, or sheweth unto me that my son hath stirred up my servant against me, to lie in wait, as at this day?

 Then answered  the Edomite, which was set over the servants of , and said, I saw the son of  coming to , to  the son of .

 And he enquired of the LORD for him, and gave him victuals, and gave him the  of  the Philistine.

 Then the  sent to call  the , the son of , and all his father's house, the priests that were in : and they came all of them to the .

 And  said, Hear now, thou son of . And he answered, Here I am, my lord.

 And  said unto him, Why have ye conspired against me, thou and the son of , in that thou hast given him , and a , and hast enquired of God for him, that he should rise against me, to lie in wait, as at this day?

 Then  answered the , and said, And who is so  among all thy servants as , which is the king's son in law, and goeth at thy bidding, and is honourable in thine house?

 Did I then begin to enquire of God for him? be it far from me: let not the  impute any thing unto his servant, nor to all the house of my father: for thy servant knew nothing of all this, less or more.

 And the  said, Thou shalt surely die, , thou, and all thy father's house.

 And the  said unto the footmen that stood about him, Turn, and slay the priests of the LORD: because their hand also is with , and because they knew when he fled, and did not shew it to me. But the servants of the  would not put forth their hand to fall upon the priests of the LORD.

 And the  said to , Turn thou, and fall upon the priests. And  the Edomite turned, and he fell upon the priests, and slew on that day fourscore and five persons that did wear a  .

 And , the city of the priests, smote he with the edge of the , both men and women, children and sucklings, and oxen, and asses, and , with the edge of the .

 And one of the sons of  the son of , named , escaped, and fled after .

 And  shewed  that  had slain the LORD's priests.

 And  said unto , I knew it that day, when  the Edomite was there, that he would surely tell : I have occasioned the death of all the persons of thy father's house.

 Abide thou with me, fear not: for he that seeketh my life seeketh thy life: but with me thou shalt be in safeguard.
