King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel):
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
And  prayed, and said, My heart rejoiceth in the LORD, mine  is exalted in the LORD: my mouth is enlarged over mine enemies; because I rejoice in thy .

 There is none holy as the LORD: for there is none beside thee: neither is there any  like our God.

 Talk no more so exceeding proudly; let not arrogancy come out of your mouth: for the LORD is a God of knowledge, and by him actions are weighed.

 The bows of the mighty men are broken, and they that stumbled are girded with strength.

 They that were full have hired out themselves for ; and they that were hungry ceased: so that the  hath born ; and she that hath many children is waxed feeble.

 The LORD killeth, and maketh alive: he bringeth down to the , and bringeth up.

 The LORD maketh , and maketh rich: he bringeth low, and lifteth up.

 He raiseth up the  out of the , and lifteth up the beggar from the dunghill, to set them among princes, and to make them inherit the  of : for the pillars of the earth are the LORD's, and he hath set the world upon them.

 He will keep the feet of his saints, and the wicked shall be silent in ; for by strength shall no man prevail.

 The adversaries of the LORD shall be broken to ; out of  shall he  upon them: the LORD shall  the ends of the earth; and he shall give strength unto his , and exalt the  of his anointed.

 And  went to  to his house. And the child did  unto the LORD before  the .

 Now the sons of  were sons of ; they knew not the LORD.

 And the priest's  with the people was, that, when any man offered , the priest's servant came, while the  was in seething, with a fleshhook of three teeth in his hand;

 And he struck it into the , or , or caldron, or pot; all that the fleshhook brought up the  took for himself. So they did in  unto all the Israelites that came thither.

 Also before they burnt the , the priest's servant came, and said to the man that sacrificed, Give  to roast for the ; for he will not have sodden  of thee, but raw.

 And if any man said unto him, Let them not fail to burn the  presently, and then take as much as thy soul desireth; then he would answer him, Nay; but thou shalt give it me now: and if not, I will take it by force.

 Wherefore the  of the young men was very great before the LORD: for men abhorred the  of the LORD.

 But  ministered before the LORD, being a child, girded with a  .

 Moreover his mother made him a little , and brought it to him from year to year, when she came up with her husband to offer the yearly .

 And  blessed  and his wife, and said, The LORD give thee seed of this woman for the  which is lent to the LORD. And they went unto their own home.

 And the LORD visited , so that she conceived, and bare three sons and two daughters. And the child  grew before the LORD.

 Now  was very old, and heard all that his sons did unto all ; and how they lay with the women that assembled at the door of the  of the .

 And he said unto them, Why do ye such things? for I hear of your evil dealings by all this people.

 Nay, my sons; for it is no good report that I hear: ye make the LORD's people to transgress.

 If one man  against another, the  shall  him: but if a man  against the LORD, who shall intreat for him? Notwithstanding they hearkened not unto the voice of their father, because the LORD would slay them.

 And the child  grew on, and was in favour both with the LORD, and also with men.

 And there came a man of God unto , and said unto him, Thus saith the LORD, Did I plainly appear unto the house of thy father, when they were in  in Pharaoh's house?

 And did I choose him out of all the tribes of  to be my , to offer upon mine , to burn , to wear an  before me? and did I give unto the house of thy father all the offerings made by fire of the children of ?

 Wherefore kick ye at my  and at mine , which I have commanded in my ; and honourest thy sons above me, to make yourselves  with the chiefest of all the offerings of  my people?

 Wherefore the LORD God of  saith, I said indeed that thy house, and the house of thy father, should walk before me for ever: but now the LORD saith, Be it far from me; for them that honour me I will honour, and they that despise me shall be lightly esteemed.

 Behold, the days come, that I will cut off thine arm, and the arm of thy father's house, that there shall not be an old man in thine house.

 And thou shalt see an enemy in my , in all the wealth which God shall give : and there shall not be an old man in thine house for ever.

 And the man of thine, whom I shall not cut off from mine , shall be to consume thine eyes, and to grieve thine heart: and all the increase of thine house shall die in the flower of their age.

 And this shall be a sign unto thee, that shall come upon thy two sons, on  and ; in one day they shall die both of them.

 And I will raise me up a  , that shall do according to that which is in mine heart and in my mind: and I will build him a sure house; and he shall walk before mine anointed for ever.

 And it shall come to pass, that every one that is left in thine house shall come and crouch to him for a piece of  and a morsel of , and shall say, Put me, I pray thee, into one of the priests' offices, that I may eat a piece of .
