King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel):
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
Then  the  came up, and encamped against Jabeshgilead: and all the men of  said unto , Make a  with us, and we will serve thee.

 And  the  answered them, On this condition will I make a  with you, that I may thrust out all your right eyes, and lay it for a reproach upon all .

 And the elders of  said unto him, Give us  days' respite, that we may send messengers unto all the coasts of : and then, if there be no man to save us, we will come out to thee.

 Then came the messengers to  of , and told the tidings in the ears of the people: and all the people lifted up their voices, and wept.

 And, behold,  came after the  out of the field; and  said, What aileth the people that they weep? And they told him the tidings of the men of .

 And the  of God came upon  when he heard those tidings, and his  was kindled greatly.

 And he took a  of oxen, and hewed them in , and sent them throughout all the coasts of  by the hands of messengers, saying, Whosoever cometh not forth after  and after , so shall it be done unto his oxen. And the fear of the LORD fell on the people, and they came out with one consent.

 And when he numbered them in , the children of  were three hundred thousand, and the men of  thirty thousand.

 And they said unto the messengers that came, Thus shall ye say unto the men of Jabeshgilead, To morrow, by that time the  be hot, ye shall have help. And the messengers came and shewed it to the men of ; and they were glad.

 Therefore the men of  said, To morrow we will come out unto you, and ye shall do with us all that seemeth good unto you.

 And it was so on the morrow, that  put the people in three companies; and they came into the midst of the  in the morning watch, and slew the Ammonites until the heat of the day: and it came to pass, that they which remained were scattered, so that two of them were not left together.

 And the people said unto , Who is he that said, Shall  reign over us? bring the men, that we may put them to death.

 And  said, There shall not a man be put to death this day: for to day the LORD hath wrought  in .

 Then said  to the people, Come, and let us go to , and renew the kingdom there.

 And all the people went to ; and there they made   before the LORD in ; and there they sacrificed sacrifices of peace offerings before the LORD; and there  and all the men of  rejoiced greatly.
