King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel):
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
And the LORD said unto , How long wilt thou  for , seeing I have rejected him from reigning over ? fill thine  with oil, and go, I will send thee to  the Bethlehemite: for I have provided me a  among his sons.

 And  said, How can I go? if  hear it, he will kill me. And the LORD said, Take an  with thee, and say, I am come to  to the LORD.

 And call  to the , and I will shew thee what thou shalt do: and thou shalt  unto me him whom I name unto thee.

 And  did that which the LORD spake, and came to . And the elders of the town trembled at his coming, and said, Comest thou peaceably?

 And he said, Peaceably: I am come to  unto the LORD: sanctify yourselves, and come with me to the . And he sanctified  and his sons, and called them to the .

 And it came to pass, when they were come, that he looked on , and said, Surely the LORD's anointed is before him.

 But the LORD said unto , Look not on his countenance, or on the height of his stature; because I have refused him: for the LORD seeth not as man seeth; for man looketh on the outward appearance, but the LORD looketh on the heart.

 Then  called , and made him pass before . And he said, Neither hath the LORD  this.

 Then  made  to pass by. And he said, Neither hath the LORD  this.

 Again,  made  of his sons to pass before . And  said unto , The LORD hath not  these.

 And  said unto , Are here all thy children? And he said, There remaineth yet the youngest, and, behold, he keepeth the . And  said unto , Send and fetch him: for we will not sit down till he come hither.

 And he sent, and brought him in. Now he was ruddy, and withal of a beautiful countenance, and goodly to look to. And the LORD said, Arise,  him: for this is he.

 Then  took the  of oil, and anointed him in the midst of his brethren: and the  of the LORD came upon  from that day forward. So  rose up, and went to .

 But the  of the LORD departed from , and an evil  from the LORD troubled him.

 And Saul's servants said unto him, Behold now, an evil  from God troubleth thee.

 Let our lord now command thy servants, which are before thee, to seek out a man, who is a cunning player on an : and it shall come to pass, when the evil  from God is upon thee, that he shall play with his hand, and thou shalt be well.

 And  said unto his servants, Provide me now a man that can play well, and bring him to me.

 Then answered one of the servants, and said, Behold, I have seen a son of  the Bethlehemite, that is cunning in playing, and a mighty valiant man, and a man of war, and prudent in matters, and a comely person, and the LORD is with him.

 Wherefore  sent messengers unto , and said, Send me  thy son, which is with the .

 And  took an  laden with , and a  of , and a kid, and sent them by  his son unto .

 And  came to , and stood before him: and he loved him greatly; and he became his armourbearer.

 And  sent to , saying, Let , I pray thee, stand before me; for he hath found favour in my sight.

 And it came to pass, when the evil  from God was upon , that  took an , and played with his hand: so  was refreshed, and was well, and the evil  departed from him.
