King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel):
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
And the child  ministered unto the LORD before . And the word of the LORD was precious in those days; there was no open .

 And it came to pass at that time, when  was laid down in his place, and his eyes began to  dim, that he could not see;

 And ere the  of God went out in the  of the LORD, where the  of God was, and  was laid down to sleep;

 That the LORD called : and he answered, Here am I.

 And he ran unto , and said, Here am I; for thou calledst me. And he said, I called not; lie down again. And he went and lay down.

 And the LORD called yet again, . And  arose and went to , and said, Here am I; for thou didst call me. And he answered, I called not, my son; lie down again.

 Now  did not yet know the LORD, neither was the word of the LORD yet revealed unto him.

 And the LORD called  again the third time. And he arose and went to , and said, Here am I; for thou didst call me. And  perceived that the LORD had called the child.

 Therefore  said unto , Go, lie down: and it shall be, if he call thee, that thou shalt say, Speak, LORD; for thy servant heareth. So  went and lay down in his place.

 And the LORD came, and stood, and called as at other times, , . Then  answered, Speak; for thy servant heareth.

 And the LORD said to , Behold, I will do a thing in , at which both the ears of every one that heareth it shall tingle.

 In that day I will perform against  all things which I have spoken concerning his house: when I begin, I will also make an end.

 For I have told him that I will  his house for ever for the iniquity which he knoweth; because his sons made themselves vile, and he restrained them not.

 And therefore I have sworn unto the house of , that the iniquity of Eli's house shall not be purged with  nor  for ever.

 And  lay until the morning, and opened the  of the house of the LORD. And  feared to shew  the .

 Then  called , and said, , my son. And he answered, Here am I.

 And he said, What is the thing that the LORD hath said unto thee? I pray thee hide it not from me: God do so to thee, and more also, if thou hide any thing from me of all the things that he said unto thee.

 And  told him every whit, and hid nothing from him. And he said, It is the LORD: let him do what seemeth him good.

 And  grew, and the LORD was with him, and did let none of his words fall to the ground.

 And all  from  even to  knew that  was established to be a  of the LORD.

 And the LORD appeared again in : for the LORD revealed himself to  in  by the word of the LORD.
