King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel):
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
also said unto , The LORD sent me to  thee to be  over his people, over : now therefore hearken thou unto the voice of the words of the LORD.

 Thus saith the LORD of hosts, I remember that which  did to , how he laid wait for him in the way, when he came up from .

 Now go and smite , and utterly destroy all that they have, and spare them not; but slay both man and woman, infant and suckling,  and ,  and .

 And  gathered the people together, and numbered them in , two hundred thousand footmen, and ten thousand men of .

 And  came to a city of , and laid wait in the .

 And  said unto the , Go, depart, get you down from among the Amalekites, lest I destroy you with them: for ye shewed kindness to all the children of , when they came up out of . So the  departed from among the Amalekites.

 And  smote the Amalekites from  until thou comest to , that is over against .

 And he took  the  of the Amalekites alive, and utterly destroyed all the people with the edge of the .

 But  and the people spared , and the best of the , and of the oxen, and of the fatlings, and the lambs, and all that was good, and would not utterly destroy them: but every thing that was vile and refuse, that they destroyed utterly.

 Then came the word of the LORD unto , saying,

 It repenteth me that I have set up  to be : for he is turned back from following me, and hath not performed my commandments. And it grieved ; and he cried unto the LORD all night.

 And when  rose early to meet  in the morning, it was told , saying,  came to , and, behold, he set him up a place, and is gone about, and passed on, and gone down to .

 And  came to : and  said unto him, Blessed be thou of the LORD: I have performed the commandment of the LORD.

 And  said, What meaneth then this bleating of the  in mine ears, and the lowing of the oxen which I hear?

 And  said, They have brought them from the Amalekites: for the people spared the best of the  and of the oxen, to  unto the LORD thy God; and the rest we have utterly destroyed.

 Then  said unto , Stay, and I will tell thee what the LORD hath said to me this night. And he said unto him, Say on.

 And  said, When thou wast little in thine own sight, wast thou not made the head of the tribes of , and the LORD anointed thee  over ?

 And the LORD sent thee on a , and said, Go and utterly destroy the sinners the Amalekites, and fight against them until they be consumed.

 Wherefore then didst thou not obey the voice of the LORD, but didst  upon the spoil, and didst evil in the sight of the LORD?

 And  said unto , Yea, I have obeyed the voice of the LORD, and have gone the way which the LORD sent me, and have brought  the  of , and have utterly destroyed the Amalekites.

 But the people took of the spoil,  and oxen, the chief of the things which should have been utterly destroyed, to  unto the LORD thy God in .

 And  said, Hath the LORD as great delight in burnt offerings and sacrifices, as in obeying the voice of the LORD? Behold, to obey is better than , and to hearken than the  of rams.

 For rebellion is as the  of , and stubbornness is as iniquity and . Because thou hast rejected the word of the LORD, he hath also rejected thee from being .

 And  said unto , I have sinned: for I have transgressed the commandment of the LORD, and thy words: because I feared the people, and obeyed their voice.

 Now therefore, I pray thee,  my , and turn again with me, that I may  the LORD.

 And  said unto , I will not return with thee: for thou hast rejected the word of the LORD, and the LORD hath rejected thee from being  over .

 And as  turned about to go away, he laid hold upon the skirt of his , and it .

 And  said unto him, The LORD hath  the kingdom of  from thee this day, and hath given it to a neighbour of thine, that is better than thou.

 And also the Strength of  will not lie nor repent: for he is not a man, that he should repent.

 Then he said, I have sinned: yet honour me now, I pray thee, before the elders of my people, and before , and turn again with me, that I may  the LORD thy God.

 So  turned again after ; and  worshipped the LORD.

 Then said , Bring ye hither to me  the  of the Amalekites. And  came unto him delicately. And  said, Surely the bitterness of death is past.

 And  said, As the  hath made women childless, so shall thy mother be childless among women. And  hewed  in  before the LORD in .

 Then  went to ; and  went up to his house to  of .

 And  came no more to see  until the day of his death: nevertheless  mourned for : and the LORD repented that he had made   over .
