King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel):
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
Now it came to pass upon a day, that  the son of  said unto the young man that bare his , Come, and let us go over to the Philistines' , that is on the other side. But he told not his father.

 And  tarried in the uttermost part of  under a  tree which is in : and the people that were with him were about six hundred men;

 And Ahiah, the son of , Ichabod's brother, the son of , the son of , the LORD's  in , wearing an . And the people knew not that  was gone.

 And between the passages, by which  sought to go over unto the Philistines' , there was a sharp  on the one side, and a sharp  on the other side: and the name of the one was Bozez, and the name of the other .

 The forefront of the one was situate  over against , and the other southward over against .

 And  said to the young man that bare his , Come, and let us go over unto the  of these uncircumcised: it may be that the LORD will work for us: for there is no restraint to the LORD to save by many or by few.

 And his armourbearer said unto him, Do all that is in thine heart: turn thee; behold, I am with thee according to thy heart.

 Then said , Behold, we will pass over unto these men, and we will discover ourselves unto them.

 If they say thus unto us, Tarry until we come to you; then we will stand still in our place, and will not go up unto them.

 But if they say thus, Come up unto us; then we will go up: for the LORD hath delivered them into our hand: and this shall be a sign unto us.

 And both of them discovered themselves unto the  of the : and the  said, Behold, the  come forth out of the holes where they had hid themselves.

 And the men of the  answered  and his armourbearer, and said, Come up to us, and we will shew you a thing. And  said unto his armourbearer, Come up after me: for the LORD hath delivered them into the hand of .

 And  climbed up upon his hands and upon his feet, and his armourbearer after him: and they fell before ; and his armourbearer slew after him.

 And that first slaughter, which  and his armourbearer made, was about twenty men, within as it were an half  of land, which a  of oxen might plow.

 And there was trembling in the , in the field, and among all the people: the , and the spoilers, they also trembled, and the earth quaked: so it was a very great trembling.

 And the watchmen of  in  of  looked; and, behold, the multitude melted away, and they went on beating down one another.

 Then said  unto the people that were with him, Number now, and see who is gone from us. And when they had numbered, behold,  and his armourbearer were not there.

 And  said unto Ahiah, Bring hither the  of God. For the  of God was at that time with the children of .

 And it came to pass, while  talked unto the , that the noise that was in the  of the  went on and increased: and  said unto the , Withdraw thine hand.

 And  and all the people that were with him assembled themselves, and they came to the battle: and, behold, every man's  was against his fellow, and there was a very great discomfiture.

 Moreover the  that were with the  before that time, which went up with them into the  from the country round about, even they also turned to be with the Israelites that were with  and .

 Likewise all the men of  which had hid themselves in  , when they heard that the  fled, even they also followed hard after them in the battle.

 So the LORD saved  that day: and the battle passed over unto Bethaven.

 And the men of  were distressed that day: for  had adjured the people, saying, Cursed be the man that eateth any food until evening, that I may be avenged on mine enemies. So none of the people tasted any food.

 And all they of the land came to a ; and there was  upon the ground.

 And when the people were come into the , behold, the  dropped; but no man put his hand to his mouth: for the people feared the .

 But  heard not when his father charged the people with the : wherefore he put forth the end of the rod that was in his hand, and dipped it in an honeycomb, and put his hand to his mouth; and his eyes were enlightened.

 Then answered one of the people, and said, Thy father straitly charged the people with an , saying, Cursed be the man that eateth any food this day. And the people were faint.

 Then said , My father hath troubled the land: see, I pray you, how mine eyes have been enlightened, because I tasted a little of this .

 How much more, if haply the people had eaten freely to day of the spoil of their enemies which they found? for had there not been now a much greater slaughter among the ?

 And they smote the  that day from  to Aijalon: and the people were very faint.

 And the people flew upon the spoil, and took , and oxen, and calves, and slew them on the ground: and the people did eat them with the .

 Then they told , saying, Behold, the people  against the LORD, in that they eat with the . And he said, Ye have transgressed:  a great  unto me this day.

 And  said, Disperse yourselves among the people, and say unto them, Bring me hither every man his , and every man his , and slay them here, and eat; and  not against the LORD in  with the . And all the people brought every man his  with him that night, and slew them there.

 And  built an  unto the LORD: the same was the first  that he built unto the LORD.

 And  said, Let us go down after the  by night, and spoil them until the morning light, and let us not leave a man of them. And they said, Do whatsoever seemeth good unto thee. Then said the , Let us draw near hither unto God.

 And  asked counsel of God, Shall I go down after the ? wilt thou deliver them into the hand of ? But he answered him not that day.

 And  said, Draw ye near hither, all the chief of the people: and know and see wherein this  hath been this day.

 For, as the LORD liveth, which saveth , though it be in  my son, he shall surely die. But there was not a man among all the people that answered him.

 Then said he unto all , Be ye on one side, and I and  my son will be on the other side. And the people said unto , Do what seemeth good unto thee.

 Therefore  said unto the LORD God of , Give a perfect lot. And  and  were taken: but the people escaped.

 And  said, Cast lots between me and  my son. And  was taken.

 Then  said to , Tell me what thou hast done. And  told him, and said, I did but taste a little  with the end of the rod that was in mine hand, and, lo, I must die.

 And  answered, God do so and more also: for thou shalt surely die, .

 And the people said unto , Shall  die, who hath wrought this great  in ? God forbid: as the LORD liveth, there shall not one hair of his head fall to the ground; for he hath wrought with God this day. So the people rescued , that he died not.

 Then  went up from following the : and the  went to their own place.

 So  took the kingdom over , and fought against all his enemies on every side, against , and against the children of , and against , and against the kings of , and against the : and whithersoever he turned himself, he vexed them.

 And he gathered an , and smote the Amalekites, and delivered  out of the hands of them that spoiled them.

 Now the sons of  were , and Ishui, and Melchishua: and the names of his two daughters were these; the name of the firstborn , and the name of the younger :

 And the name of Saul's wife was , the daughter of : and the name of the captain of his  was , the son of , Saul's uncle.

 And  was the father of ; and  the father of  was the son of .

 And there was sore war against the  all the days of : and when  saw any strong man, or any valiant man, he took him unto him.
