King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel):
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
And it came to pass, when  was returned from following the , that it was told him, saying, Behold,  is in the  of .

 Then  took three thousand  men out of all , and went to seek  and his men upon the rocks of the wild goats.

 And he came to the sheepcotes by the way, where was a ; and  went in to cover his feet: and  and his men remained in the sides of the .

 And the men of  said unto him, Behold the day of which the LORD said unto thee, Behold, I will deliver thine enemy into thine hand, that thou mayest do to him as it shall seem good unto thee. Then  arose, and cut off the skirt of Saul's robe privily.

 And it came to pass afterward, that David's heart smote him, because he had cut off Saul's skirt.

 And he said unto his men, The LORD forbid that I should do this thing unto my master, the LORD's anointed, to stretch forth mine hand against him, seeing he is the anointed of the LORD.

 So  stayed his servants with these words, and suffered them not to rise against . But  rose up out of the , and went on his way.

  also arose afterward, and went out of the , and cried after , saying, My lord the . And when  looked behind him,  stooped with his face to the earth, and bowed himself.

 And  said to , Wherefore hearest thou men's words, saying, Behold,  seeketh thy hurt?

 Behold, this day thine eyes have seen how that the LORD had delivered thee to day into mine hand in the : and some bade me kill thee: but mine eye spared thee; and I said, I will not put forth mine hand against my lord; for he is the LORD's anointed.

 Moreover, my father, see, yea, see the skirt of thy robe in my hand: for in that I cut off the skirt of thy robe, and killed thee not, know thou and see that there is neither evil nor transgression in mine hand, and I have not sinned against thee; yet thou huntest my soul to take it.

 The LORD  between me and thee, and the LORD avenge me of thee: but mine hand shall not be upon thee.

 As saith the  of the ancients, Wickedness proceedeth from the wicked: but mine hand shall not be upon thee.

 After whom is the  of  come out? after whom dost thou pursue? after a dead dog, after a .

 The LORD therefore be , and  between me and thee, and see, and plead my cause, and deliver me out of thine hand.

 And it came to pass, when  had made an end of speaking these words unto , that  said, Is this thy voice, my son ? And  lifted up his voice, and wept.

 And he said to , Thou art more righteous than I: for thou hast rewarded me good, whereas I have rewarded thee evil.

 And thou hast shewed this day how that thou hast dealt well with me: forasmuch as when the LORD had delivered me into thine hand, thou killedst me not.

 For if a man find his enemy, will he let him go well away? wherefore the LORD reward thee good for that thou hast done unto me this day.

 And now, behold, I know well that thou shalt surely be , and that the kingdom of  shall be established in thine hand.

 Swear now therefore unto me by the LORD, that thou wilt not cut off my seed after me, and that thou wilt not destroy my name out of my father's house.

 And  sware unto . And  went home; but  and his men gat them up unto the hold.
