King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel):
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
Now the  gathered together their armies to battle, and were gathered together at , which belongeth to , and pitched between  and , in Ephesdammim.

 And  and the men of  were gathered together, and pitched by the  of , and set the battle in array against the .

 And the  stood on a mountain on the one side, and  stood on a mountain on the other side: and there was a  between them.

 And there went out a  out of the  of the , named , of , whose height was six cubits and a span.

 And he had an  of  upon his head, and he was armed with a  of mail; and the weight of the  was five thousand shekels of .

 And he had  of  upon his legs, and a  of  between his shoulders.

 And the staff of his spear was like a weaver's ; and his spear's head weighed six hundred shekels of : and one bearing a  went before him.

 And he stood and cried unto the armies of , and said unto them, Why are ye come out to set your battle in array? am not I a Philistine, and ye servants to ? choose you a man for you, and let him come down to me.

 If he be able to fight with me, and to kill me, then will we be your servants: but if I prevail against him, and kill him, then shall ye be our servants, and serve us.

 And the Philistine said, I defy the armies of  this day; give me a man, that we may fight together.

 When  and all  heard those words of the Philistine, they were dismayed, and greatly afraid.

 Now  was the son of that  of Bethlehemjudah, whose name was ; and he had eight sons: and the man went among men for an old man in the days of .

 And the three eldest sons of  went and followed  to the battle: and the names of his three sons that went to the battle were  the firstborn, and next unto him , and the third .

 And  was the youngest: and the three eldest followed .

 But  went and returned from  to feed his father's  at .

 And the Philistine drew near morning and evening, and presented himself forty days.

 And  said unto  his son, Take now for thy brethren an  of this parched , and these ten loaves, and run to the  of thy brethren;

 And carry these ten cheeses unto the captain of their thousand, and look how thy brethren fare, and take their .

 Now , and they, and all the men of , were in the  of , fighting with the .

 And  rose up early in the morning, and left the  with a keeper, and took, and went, as  had commanded him; and he came to the trench, as the  was going forth to the fight, and shouted for the battle.

 For  and the  had put the battle in array, army against army.

 And  left his  in the hand of the keeper of the , and ran into the army, and came and saluted his brethren.

 And as he talked with them, behold, there came up the , the Philistine of ,  by name, out of the armies of the , and spake according to the same words: and  heard them.

 And all the men of , when they saw the man, fled from him, and were sore afraid.

 And the men of  said, Have ye seen this man that is come up?  surely to defy  is he come up: and it shall be, that the man who killeth him, the  will enrich him with great riches, and will give him his daughter, and make his father's house free in .

 And  spake to the men that stood by him, saying, What shall be done to the man that killeth this Philistine, and taketh away the reproach from ? for who is this uncircumcised Philistine, that he should defy the armies of the living God?

 And the people answered him after this manner, saying, So shall it be done to the man that killeth him.

 And  his eldest brother heard when he spake unto the men; and Eliab's  was kindled against , and he said, Why camest thou down hither? and with whom hast thou left those few  in the ? I know thy pride, and the naughtiness of thine heart; for thou art come down that thou mightest see the battle.

 And  said, What have I now done? Is there not a cause?

 And he turned from him toward another, and spake after the same manner: and the people answered him again after the former manner.

 And when the words were heard which  spake, they rehearsed them before : and he sent for him.

 And  said to , Let no man's heart fail because of him; thy servant will go and fight with this Philistine.

 And  said to , Thou art not able to go against this Philistine to fight with him: for thou art but a youth, and he a man of war from his youth.

 And  said unto , Thy servant kept his father's , and there came a lion, and a bear, and took a  out of the flock:

 And I went out after him, and smote him, and delivered it out of his mouth: and when he arose against me, I caught him by his , and smote him, and slew him.

 Thy servant slew both the lion and the bear: and this uncircumcised Philistine shall be as one of them, seeing he hath defied the armies of the living God.

  said moreover, The LORD that delivered me out of the paw of the lion, and out of the paw of the bear, he will deliver me out of the hand of this Philistine. And  said unto , Go, and the LORD be with thee.

 And  armed  with his , and he put an  of  upon his head; also he armed him with a  of mail.

 And  girded his  upon his , and he assayed to go; for he had not proved it. And  said unto , I cannot go with these; for I have not proved them. And  put them off him.

 And he took his staff in his hand, and chose him five smooth stones out of the , and put them in a shepherd's  which he had, even in a ; and his  was in his hand: and he drew near to the Philistine.

 And the Philistine came on and drew near unto ; and the man that bare the  went before him.

 And when the Philistine looked about, and saw , he disdained him: for he was but a youth, and ruddy, and of a fair countenance.

 And the Philistine said unto , Am I a dog, that thou comest to me with staves? And the Philistine cursed  by his gods.

 And the Philistine said to , Come to me, and I will give thy  unto the fowls of the air, and to the beasts of the field.

 Then said  to the Philistine, Thou comest to me with a , and with a spear, and with a : but I come to thee in the name of the LORD of hosts, the God of the armies of , whom thou hast defied.

 This day will the LORD deliver thee into mine hand; and I will smite thee, and take thine head from thee; and I will give the carcases of the  of the  this day unto the fowls of the air, and to the wild beasts of the earth; that all the earth may know that there is a God in .

 And all this assembly shall know that the LORD saveth not with  and spear: for the battle is the LORD's, and he will give you into our hands.

 And it came to pass, when the Philistine arose, and came, and drew nigh to meet , that  hastened, and ran toward the army to meet the Philistine.

 And  put his hand in his , and took thence a , and slang it, and smote the Philistine in his , that the  sunk into his ; and he fell upon his face to the earth.

 So  prevailed over the Philistine with a  and with a , and smote the Philistine, and slew him; but there was no  in the hand of .

 Therefore  ran, and stood upon the Philistine, and took his , and drew it out of the sheath thereof, and slew him, and cut off his head therewith. And when the  saw their  was dead, they fled.

 And the men of  and of  arose, and shouted, and pursued the , until thou come to the , and to the gates of . And the wounded of the  fell down by the way to , even unto , and unto .

 And the children of  returned from chasing after the , and they spoiled their tents.

 And  took the head of the Philistine, and brought it to ; but he put his  in his .

 And when  saw  go forth against the Philistine, he said unto , the captain of the , , whose son is this youth? And  said, As thy soul liveth, O , I cannot tell.

 And the  said, Enquire thou whose son the stripling is.

 And as  returned from the slaughter of the Philistine,  took him, and brought him before  with the head of the Philistine in his hand.

 And  said to him, Whose son art thou, thou young man? And  answered, I am the son of thy servant  the Bethlehemite.
