King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel):
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
reigned one year; and when he had reigned two years over ,

  chose him three thousand men of ; whereof two thousand were with  in  and in  , and a thousand were with  in  of : and the rest of the people he sent every man to his .

 And  smote the  of the  that was in , and the  heard of it. And  blew the trumpet throughout all the land, saying, Let the  hear.

 And all  heard say that  had smitten a  of the , and that  also was had in  with the . And the people were called together after  to .

 And the  gathered themselves together to fight with , thirty thousand chariots, and six thousand horsemen, and people as the sand which is on the sea shore in multitude: and they came up, and pitched in , eastward from Bethaven.

 When the men of  saw that they were in a strait, (for the people were distressed,) then the people did hide themselves in caves, and in thickets, and in rocks, and in high places, and in pits.

 And some of the  went over  to the land of  and . As for , he was yet in , and all the people followed him trembling.

 And he tarried  days, according to the set time that  had appointed: but  came not to ; and the people were scattered from him.

 And  said, Bring hither a burnt  to me, and peace offerings. And he offered the burnt .

 And it came to pass, that as soon as he had made an end of  the burnt , behold,  came; and  went out to meet him, that he might salute him.

 And  said, What hast thou done? And  said, Because I saw that the people were scattered from me, and that thou camest not within the days appointed, and that the  gathered themselves together at ;

 Therefore said I, The  will come down now upon me to , and I have not made supplication unto the LORD: I forced myself therefore, and offered a burnt .

 And  said to , Thou hast done foolishly: thou hast not kept the commandment of the LORD thy God, which he commanded thee: for now would the LORD have established thy kingdom upon  for ever.

 But now thy kingdom shall not continue: the LORD hath sought him a man after his own heart, and the LORD hath commanded him to be captain over his people, because thou hast not kept that which the LORD commanded thee.

 And  arose, and gat him up from  unto  of . And  numbered the people that were present with him, about six hundred men.

 And , and  his son, and the people that were present with them, abode in  of : but the  encamped in .

 And the spoilers came out of the  of the  in three companies: one company turned unto the way that leadeth to , unto the land of Shual:

 And another company turned the way to Bethhoron: and another company turned to the way of the border that looketh to the  of  toward the .

 Now there was no  found throughout all the land of : for the  said, Lest the  make them swords or spears:

 But all the Israelites went down to the , to sharpen every man his share, and his , and his , and his .

 Yet they had a file for the mattocks, and for the coulters, and for the forks, and for the axes, and to sharpen the goads.

 So it came to pass in the day of battle, that there was neither  nor spear found in the hand of any of the people that were with  and : but with  and with  his son was there found.

 And the  of the  went out to the  of .
