King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel):
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
And  spake to  his son, and to all his servants, that they should kill .

 But  Saul's son delighted much in : and  told , saying,  my father seeketh to kill thee: now therefore, I pray thee, take heed to thyself until the morning, and abide in a secret place, and hide thyself:

 And I will go out and stand beside my father in the field where thou art, and I will commune with my father of thee; and what I see, that I will tell thee.

 And  spake good of  unto  his father, and said unto him, Let not the   against his servant, against ; because he hath not sinned against thee, and because his works have been to thee-ward very good:

 For he did put his life in his hand, and slew the Philistine, and the LORD wrought a great  for all : thou sawest it, and didst rejoice: wherefore then wilt thou  against innocent , to slay  without a cause?

 And  hearkened unto the voice of : and  sware, As the LORD liveth, he shall not be slain.

 And  called , and  shewed him all those things. And  brought  to , and he was in his presence, as in times past.

 And there was war again: and  went out, and fought with the , and slew them with a great slaughter; and they fled from him.

 And the evil  from the LORD was upon , as he sat in his house with his  in his hand: and  played with his hand.

 And  sought to smite  even to the wall with the : but he slipped away out of Saul's presence, and he smote the  into the wall: and  fled, and escaped that night.

  also sent messengers unto David's house, to watch him, and to slay him in the morning: and  David's wife told him, saying, If thou save not thy life to night, to morrow thou shalt be slain.

 So  let  down through a window: and he went, and fled, and escaped.

 And  took an image, and laid it in the bed, and put a pillow of goats' hair for his , and covered it with a cloth.

 And when  sent messengers to take , she said, He is sick.

 And  sent the messengers again to see , saying, Bring him up to me in the bed, that I may slay him.

 And when the messengers were come in, behold, there was an image in the bed, with a pillow of goats' hair for his .

 And  said unto , Why hast thou deceived me so, and sent away mine enemy, that he is escaped? And  answered , He said unto me, Let me go; why should I kill thee?

 So  fled, and escaped, and came to  to , and told him all that  had done to him. And he and  went and dwelt in .

 And it was told , saying, Behold,  is at  in .

 And  sent messengers to take : and when they saw the company of the prophets prophesying, and  standing as appointed over them, the  of God was upon the messengers of , and they also prophesied.

 And when it was told , he sent other messengers, and they prophesied likewise. And  sent messengers again the third time, and they prophesied also.

 Then went he also to , and came to a great well that is in : and he asked and said, Where are  and ? And one said, Behold, they be at  in .

 And he went thither to  in : and the  of God was upon him also, and he went on, and prophesied, until he came to  in .

 And he stripped off his clothes also, and prophesied before  in like manner, and lay down  all that day and all that night. Wherefore they say, Is  also among the prophets?
