King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel):
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
Now there was a certain man of Ramathaimzophim, of  , and his name was , the son of , the son of , the son of , the son of , an :

 And he had two wives; the name of the one was , and the name of the other Peninnah: and Peninnah had children, but  had no children.

 And this man went up out of his city yearly to  and to  unto the LORD of hosts in . And the two sons of ,  and , the priests of the LORD, were there.

 And when the time was that  offered, he gave to Peninnah his wife, and to all her sons and her daughters, portions:

 But unto  he gave a worthy portion; for he loved : but the LORD had shut up her womb.

 And her  also provoked her sore, for to make her fret, because the LORD had shut up her womb.

 And as he did so year by year, when she went up to the house of the LORD, so she provoked her; therefore she wept, and did not eat.

 Then said  her husband to her, , why weepest thou? and why eatest thou not? and why is thy heart grieved? am not I better to thee than ten sons?

 So  rose up after they had eaten in , and after they had . Now  the  sat upon a seat by a  of the  of the LORD.

 And she was in bitterness of soul, and prayed unto the LORD, and wept sore.

 And she vowed a vow, and said, O LORD of hosts, if thou wilt indeed look on the affliction of thine , and remember me, and not forget thine , but wilt give unto thine  a man child, then I will give him unto the LORD all the days of his life, and there shall no  come upon his head.

 And it came to pass, as she continued praying before the LORD, that  marked her mouth.

 Now , she spake in her heart; only her lips moved, but her voice was not heard: therefore  thought she had been drunken.

 And  said unto her, How long wilt thou be drunken? put away thy  from thee.

 And  answered and said, No, my lord, I am a woman of a sorrowful : I have  neither  nor strong , but have poured out my soul before the LORD.

 Count not thine  for a daughter of : for out of the abundance of my complaint and grief have I spoken hitherto.

 Then  answered and said, Go in peace: and the God of  grant thee thy petition that thou hast asked of him.

 And she said, Let thine  find  in thy sight. So the woman went her way, and did eat, and her countenance was no more sad.

 And they rose up in the morning early, and worshipped before the LORD, and returned, and came to their house to : and  knew  his wife; and the LORD remembered her.

 Wherefore it came to pass, when the time was come about after  had conceived, that she bare a son, and called his name , saying, Because I have asked him of the LORD.

 And the man , and all his house, went up to offer unto the LORD the yearly , and his vow.

 But  went not up; for she said unto her husband, I will not go up until the child be weaned, and then I will bring him, that he may appear before the LORD, and there abide for ever.

 And  her husband said unto her, Do what seemeth thee good; tarry until thou have weaned him; only the LORD establish his word. So the woman abode, and gave her son suck until she weaned him.

 And when she had weaned him, she took him up with her, with three bullocks, and one  of , and a  of , and brought him unto the house of the LORD in : and the child was young.

 And they slew a , and brought the child to .

 And she said, Oh my lord, as thy soul liveth, my lord, I am the woman that stood by thee here, praying unto the LORD.

 For this child I prayed; and the LORD hath given me my petition which I asked of him:

 Therefore also I have lent him to the LORD; as long as he liveth he shall be lent to the LORD. And he worshipped the LORD there.
