King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel):
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
And it came to pass, when  and his men were come to  on the third day, that the Amalekites had invaded the south, and , and smitten , and burned it with fire;

 And had taken the women captives, that were therein: they slew not any, either great or small, but carried them away, and went on their way.

 So  and his men came to the city, and, behold, it was burned with fire; and their wives, and their sons, and their daughters, were taken captives.

 Then  and the people that were with him lifted up their voice and wept, until they had no more power to weep.

 And David's two wives were taken captives,  the Jezreelitess, and  the wife of  the Carmelite.

 And  was greatly distressed; for the people spake of  him, because the soul of all the people was grieved, every man for his sons and for his daughters: but  encouraged himself in the LORD his God.

 And  said to  the , Ahimelech's son, I pray thee, bring me hither the . And  brought thither the  to .

 And  enquired at the LORD, saying, Shall I pursue after this troop? shall I overtake them? And he answered him, Pursue: for thou shalt surely overtake them, and without fail recover all.

 So  went, he and the six hundred men that were with him, and came to the  , where those that were left behind stayed.

 But  pursued, he and four hundred men: for two hundred abode behind, which were so faint that they could not go over the  .

 And they found an Egyptian in the field, and brought him to , and gave him , and he did eat; and they made him  water;

 And they gave him a piece of a  of figs, and two clusters of : and when he had eaten, his  came again to him: for he had eaten no , nor  any water, three days and three nights.

 And  said unto him, To whom belongest thou? and whence art thou? And he said, I am a young man of , servant to an ; and my master left me, because three days agone I fell sick.

 We made an invasion upon the south of the Cherethites, and upon the coast which belongeth to , and upon the south of ; and we burned  with fire.

 And  said to him, Canst thou bring me down to this company? And he said, Swear unto me by God, that thou wilt neither kill me, nor deliver me into the hands of my master, and I will bring thee down to this company.

 And when he had brought him down, behold, they were spread abroad upon all the earth,  and drinking, and dancing, because of all the great spoil that they had taken out of the land of the , and out of the land of .

 And  smote them from the twilight even unto the evening of the next day: and there escaped not a man of them, save four hundred young men, which rode upon camels, and fled.

 And  recovered all that the Amalekites had carried away: and  rescued his two wives.

 And there was nothing lacking to them, neither small nor great, neither sons nor daughters, neither spoil, nor any thing that they had taken to them:  recovered all.

 And  took all the flocks and the herds, which they drave before those other , and said, This is David's spoil.

 And  came to the two hundred men, which were so faint that they could not follow , whom they had made also to abide at the  : and they went forth to meet , and to meet the people that were with him: and when  came near to the people, he saluted them.

 Then answered all the wicked men and men of , of those that went with , and said, Because they went not with us, we will not give them ought of the spoil that we have recovered, save to every man his wife and his children, that they may lead them away, and depart.

 Then said , Ye shall not do so, my brethren, with that which the LORD hath given us, who hath preserved us, and delivered the company that came against us into our hand.

 For who will hearken unto you in this matter? but as his part is that goeth down to the battle, so shall his part be that tarrieth by the stuff: they shall part alike.

 And it was so from that day forward, that he made it a statute and an ordinance for  unto this day.

 And when  came to , he sent of the spoil unto the elders of , even to his friends, saying, Behold a present for you of the spoil of the enemies of the LORD;

 To them which were in , and to them which were in south , and to them which were in ,

 And to them which were in , and to them which were in , and to them which were in ,

 And to them which were in , and to them which were in the cities of the Jerahmeelites, and to them which were in the cities of the ,

 And to them which were in , and to them which were in Chorashan, and to them which were in Athach,

 And to them which were in , and to all the places where  himself and his men were wont to haunt.
