King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel):
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
Now there was a man of , whose name was , the son of , the son of Zeror, the son of Bechorath, the son of Aphiah, a Benjamite, a mighty man of power.

 And he had a son, whose name was , a choice young man, and a goodly: and there was not among the children of  a goodlier person than he: from his shoulders and upward he was higher than any of the people.

 And the asses of  Saul's father were lost. And  said to  his son, Take now one of the servants with thee, and arise, go seek the asses.

 And he passed through  , and passed through the land of Shalisha, but they found them not: then they passed through the land of Shalim, and there they were not: and he passed through the land of the Benjamites, but they found them not.

 And when they were come to the land of ,  said to his servant that was with him, Come, and let us return; lest my father leave caring for the asses, and take thought for us.

 And he said unto him, Behold now, there is in this city a man of God, and he is an honourable man; all that he saith cometh surely to pass: now let us go thither; peradventure he can shew us our way that we should go.

 Then said  to his servant, But, behold, if we go, what shall we bring the man? for the  is spent in our vessels, and there is not a present to bring to the man of God: what have we?

 And the servant answered  again, and said, Behold, I have here at hand the fourth part of a  of : that will I give to the man of God, to tell us our way.

 (Beforetime in , when a man went to enquire of God, thus he spake, Come, and let us go to the : for he that is now called a  was beforetime called a .)

 Then said  to his servant, Well said; come, let us go. So they went unto the city where the man of God was.

 And as they went up the hill to the city, they found young maidens going out to draw water, and said unto them, Is the  here?

 And they answered them, and said, He is; behold, he is before you: make haste now, for he came to day to the city; for there is a  of the people to day in the high place:

 As soon as ye be come into the city, ye shall straightway find him, before he go up to the high place to eat: for the people will not eat until he come, because he doth  the ; and afterwards they eat that be bidden. Now therefore get you up; for about this time ye shall find him.

 And they went up into the city: and when they were come into the city, behold,  came out against them, for to go up to the high place.

 Now the LORD had told  in his  a day before  came, saying,

 To morrow about this time I will send thee a man out of the land of , and thou shalt  him to be captain over my people , that he may save my people out of the hand of the : for I have looked upon my people, because their cry is come unto me.

 And when  saw , the LORD said unto him, Behold the man whom I spake to thee of! this same shall reign over my people.

 Then  drew near to  in the , and said, Tell me, I pray thee, where the seer's house is.

 And  answered , and said, I am the : go up before me unto the high place; for ye shall eat with me to day, and to morrow I will let thee go, and will tell thee all that is in thine heart.

 And as for thine asses that were lost three days ago, set not thy mind on them; for they are found. And on whom is all the desire of ? Is it not on thee, and on all thy father's house?

 And  answered and said, Am not I a Benjamite, of the smallest of the tribes of ? and my family the least of all the families of the  of ? wherefore then speakest thou so to me?

 And  took  and his servant, and brought them into the , and made them sit in the chiefest place among them that were bidden, which were about thirty persons.

 And  said unto the , Bring the portion which I gave thee, of which I said unto thee, Set it by thee.

 And the  took up the shoulder, and that which was upon it, and set it before . And  said, Behold that which is left! set it before thee, and eat: for unto this time hath it been kept for thee since I said, I have invited the people. So  did eat with  that day.

 And when they were come down from the high place into the city,  communed with  upon the top of the house.

 And they arose early: and it came to pass about the spring of the day, that  called  to the top of the house, saying, Up, that I may send thee away. And  arose, and they went out both of them, he and , abroad.

 And as they were going down to the end of the city,  said to , Bid the servant pass on before us, (and he passed on), but stand thou still a while, that I may shew thee the word of God.
