King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel):
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
And it came to pass, when he had made an end of speaking unto , that the soul of  was knit with the soul of , and  loved him as his own soul.

 And  took him that day, and would let him go no more home to his father's house.

 Then  and  made a , because he loved him as his own soul.

 And  stripped himself of the robe that was upon him, and gave it to , and his garments, even to his , and to his , and to his .

 And  went out whithersoever  sent him, and behaved himself wisely: and  set him over the men of war, and he was accepted in the sight of all the people, and also in the sight of Saul's servants.

 And it came to pass as they came, when  was returned from the slaughter of the Philistine, that the women came out of all cities of , singing and dancing, to meet  , with tabrets, with joy, and with instruments of musick.

 And the women answered one another as they played, and said,  hath slain his , and  his ten .

 And  was very wroth, and the saying displeased him; and he said, They have ascribed unto  ten , and to me they have ascribed but : and what can he have more but the kingdom?

 And  eyed  from that day and forward.

 And it came to pass on the morrow, that the evil  from God came upon , and he prophesied in the midst of the house: and  played with his hand, as at other times: and there was a  in Saul's hand.

 And  cast the ; for he said, I will smite  even to the wall with it. And  avoided out of his presence twice.

 And  was afraid of , because the LORD was with him, and was departed from .

 Therefore  removed him from him, and made him his captain over a thousand; and he went out and came in before the people.

 And  behaved himself wisely in all his ways; and the LORD was with him.

 Wherefore when  saw that he behaved himself very wisely, he was afraid of him.

 But all  and  loved , because he went out and came in before them.

 And  said to , Behold my  daughter , her will I give thee to wife: only be thou valiant for me, and fight the LORD's battles. For  said, Let not mine hand be upon him, but let the hand of the  be upon him.

 And  said unto , Who am I? and what is my life, or my father's family in , that I should be son in law to the ?

 But it came to pass at the time when  Saul's daughter should have been given to , that she was given unto  the Meholathite to wife.

 And  Saul's daughter loved : and they told , and the thing pleased him.

 And  said, I will give him her, that she may be a  to him, and that the hand of the  may be against him. Wherefore  said to , Thou shalt this day be my son in law in the one of the twain.

 And  commanded his servants, saying, Commune with  secretly, and say, Behold, the  hath delight in thee, and all his servants love thee: now therefore be the king's son in law.

 And Saul's servants spake those words in the ears of . And  said, Seemeth it to you a light thing to be a king's son in law, seeing that I am a  man, and lightly esteemed?

 And the servants of  told him, saying, On this manner spake .

 And  said, Thus shall ye say to , The  desireth not any , but an hundred foreskins of the , to be avenged of the king's enemies. But  thought to make  fall by the hand of the .

 And when his servants told  these words, it pleased  well to be the king's son in law: and the days were not expired.

 Wherefore  arose and went, he and his men, and slew of the  two hundred men; and  brought their foreskins, and they gave them in full  to the , that he might be the king's son in law. And  gave him  his daughter to wife.

 And  saw and knew that the LORD was with , and that  Saul's daughter loved him.

 And  was yet the more afraid of ; and  became David's enemy continually.

 Then the princes of the  went forth: and it came to pass, after they went forth, that  behaved himself more wisely than all the servants of ; so that his name was much set by.
