King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel):
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
And the men of Kirjathjearim came, and fetched up the  of the LORD, and brought it into the house of  in the hill, and sanctified  his son to keep the  of the LORD.

 And it came to pass, while the  abode in Kirjathjearim, that the time was long; for it was twenty years: and all the house of  lamented after the LORD.

 And  spake unto all the house of , saying, If ye do return unto the LORD with all your hearts, then put away the strange gods and  from among you, and prepare your hearts unto the LORD, and serve him only: and he will deliver you out of the hand of the .

 Then the children of  did put away  and , and served the LORD only.

 And  said, Gather all  to Mizpeh, and I will pray for you unto the LORD.

 And they gathered together to Mizpeh, and drew water, and poured it out before the LORD, and fasted on that day, and said there, We have sinned against the LORD. And  judged the children of  in Mizpeh.

 And when the  heard that the children of  were gathered together to Mizpeh, the lords of the  went up against . And when the children of  heard it, they were afraid of the .

 And the children of  said to , Cease not to cry unto the LORD our God for us, that he will save us out of the hand of the .

 And  took a sucking , and offered it for a burnt  wholly unto the LORD: and  cried unto the LORD for ; and the LORD heard him.

 And as  was  up the burnt , the  drew near to battle against : but the LORD thundered with a great  on that day upon the , and discomfited them; and they were smitten before .

 And the men of  went out of Mizpeh, and pursued the , and smote them, until they came under Bethcar.

 Then  took a , and set it between Mizpeh and , and called the name of it Ebenezer, saying, Hitherto hath the LORD helped us.

 So the  were subdued, and they came no more into the coast of : and the hand of the LORD was against the  all the days of .

 And the cities which the  had taken from  were restored to , from  even unto ; and the coasts thereof did  deliver out of the hands of the . And there was peace between  and the .

 And  judged  all the days of his life.

 And he went from year to year in  to , and , and Mizpeh, and judged  in all those places.

 And his return was to ; for there was his house; and there he judged ; and there he built an  unto the LORD.
