King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel):
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
And the  of the LORD was in the country of the   months.

 And the  called for the priests and the diviners, saying, What shall we do to the  of the LORD? tell us wherewith we shall send it to his place.

 And they said, If ye send away the  of the God of , send it not empty; but in any  return him a trespass : then ye shall be healed, and it shall be known to you why his hand is not removed from you.

 Then said they, What shall be the trespass  which we shall return to him? They answered, Five golden emerods, and five golden mice, according to the number of the lords of the : for one  was on you all, and on your lords.

 Wherefore ye shall make images of your emerods, and images of your mice that mar the land; and ye shall give  unto the God of : peradventure he will lighten his hand from off you, and from off your gods, and from off your land.

 Wherefore then do ye harden your hearts, as the Egyptians and  hardened their hearts? when he had wrought wonderfully among them, did they not let the people go, and they departed?

 Now therefore make a new , and take two milch , on which there hath come no , and tie the  to the , and bring their calves home from them:

 And take the  of the LORD, and lay it upon the ; and put the jewels of , which ye return him for a trespass , in a  by the side thereof; and send it away, that it may go.

 And see, if it goeth up by the way of his own coast to Bethshemesh, then he hath done us this great evil: but if not, then we shall know that it is not his hand that smote us: it was a chance that happened to us.

 And the men did so; and took two milch , and tied them to the , and shut up their calves at home:

 And they laid the  of the LORD upon the , and the  with the mice of  and the images of their emerods.

 And the  took the straight way to the way of Bethshemesh, and went along the , lowing as they went, and turned not aside to the right hand or to the left; and the lords of the  went after them unto the border of Bethshemesh.

 And they of Bethshemesh were reaping their   in the : and they lifted up their eyes, and saw the , and rejoiced to see it.

 And the  came into the field of , a Bethshemite, and stood there, where there was a great : and they clave the  of the , and offered the  a burnt  unto the LORD.

 And the Levites took down the  of the LORD, and the  that was with it, wherein the jewels of  were, and put them on the great : and the men of Bethshemesh offered burnt offerings and sacrificed sacrifices the same day unto the LORD.

 And when the five lords of the  had seen it, they returned to  the same day.

 And these are the golden emerods which the  returned for a trespass  unto the LORD; for  one, for  one, for Askelon one, for  one, for  one;

 And the golden mice, according to the number of all the cities of the  belonging to the five lords, both of fenced cities, and of country , even unto the great  of , whereon they set down the  of the LORD: which  remaineth unto this day in the field of , the Bethshemite.

 And he smote the men of Bethshemesh, because they had looked into the  of the LORD, even he smote of the people fifty thousand and threescore and ten men: and the people lamented, because the LORD had smitten many of the people with a great slaughter.

 And the men of Bethshemesh said, Who is able to stand before this holy LORD God? and to whom shall he go up from us?

 And they sent messengers to the inhabitants of Kirjathjearim, saying, The  have brought again the  of the LORD; come ye down, and fetch it up to you.
