King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel):
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
And it came to pass in those days, that the  gathered their armies together for warfare, to fight with . And  said unto , Know thou assuredly, that thou shalt go out with me to battle, thou and thy men.

 And  said to , Surely thou shalt know what thy servant can do. And  said to , Therefore will I make thee keeper of mine head for ever.

 Now  was dead, and all  had lamented him, and buried him in , even in his own city. And  had put away those that had familiar spirits, and the wizards, out of the land.

 And the  gathered themselves together, and came and pitched in : and  gathered all  together, and they pitched in .

 And when  saw the  of the , he was afraid, and his heart greatly trembled.

 And when  enquired of the LORD, the LORD answered him not, neither by dreams, nor by , nor by prophets.

 Then said  unto his servants, Seek me a woman that hath a familiar , that I may go to her, and enquire of her. And his servants said to him, Behold, there is a woman that hath a familiar  at .

 And  disguised himself, and put on other raiment, and he went, and two men with him, and they came to the woman by night: and he said, I pray thee, divine unto me by the familiar , and bring me him up, whom I shall name unto thee.

 And the woman said unto him, Behold, thou knowest what  hath done, how he hath cut off those that have familiar spirits, and the wizards, out of the land: wherefore then layest thou a  for my life, to cause me to die?

 And  sware to her by the LORD, saying, As the LORD liveth, there shall no  happen to thee for this thing.

 Then said the woman, Whom shall I bring up unto thee? And he said, Bring me up .

 And when the woman saw , she cried with a loud voice: and the woman spake to , saying, Why hast thou deceived me? for thou art .

 And the  said unto her, Be not afraid: for what sawest thou? And the woman said unto , I saw gods ascending out of the earth.

 And he said unto her, What form is he of? And she said, An old man cometh up; and he is covered with a . And  perceived that it was , and he stooped with his face to the ground, and bowed himself.

 And  said to , Why hast thou disquieted me, to bring me up? And  answered, I am sore distressed; for the  make war against me, and God is departed from me, and answereth me no more, neither by prophets, nor by dreams: therefore I have called thee, that thou mayest make known unto me what I shall do.

 Then said , Wherefore then dost thou ask of me, seeing the LORD is departed from thee, and is become thine enemy?

 And the LORD hath done to him, as he spake by me: for the LORD hath  the kingdom out of thine hand, and given it to thy neighbour, even to :

 Because thou obeyedst not the voice of the LORD, nor executedst his fierce wrath upon , therefore hath the LORD done this thing unto thee this day.

 Moreover the LORD will also deliver  with thee into the hand of the : and to morrow shalt thou and thy sons be with me: the LORD also shall deliver the  of  into the hand of the .

 Then  fell straightway all along on the earth, and was sore afraid, because of the words of : and there was no strength in him; for he had eaten no  all the day, nor all the night.

 And the woman came unto , and saw that he was sore troubled, and said unto him, Behold, thine  hath obeyed thy voice, and I have put my life in my hand, and have hearkened unto thy words which thou spakest unto me.

 Now therefore, I pray thee, hearken thou also unto the voice of thine , and let me set a morsel of  before thee; and eat, that thou mayest have strength, when thou goest on thy way.

 But he refused, and said, I will not eat. But his servants, together with the woman, compelled him; and he hearkened unto their voice. So he arose from the earth, and sat upon the bed.

 And the woman had a   in the house; and she hasted, and killed it, and took , and kneaded it, and did  unleavened  thereof:

 And she brought it before , and before his servants; and they did eat. Then they rose up, and went away that night.
