King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel):
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
And it came to pass, when  was old, that he made his sons judges over .

 Now the name of his firstborn was ; and the name of his second, Abiah: they were judges in .

 And his sons walked not in his ways, but turned aside after , and took bribes, and perverted judgment.

 Then all the elders of  gathered themselves together, and came to  unto ,

 And said unto him, Behold, thou art old, and thy sons walk not in thy ways: now make us a  to  us like all the nations.

 But the thing displeased , when they said, Give us a  to  us. And  prayed unto the LORD.

 And the LORD said unto , Hearken unto the voice of the people in all that they say unto thee: for they have not rejected thee, but they have rejected me, that I should not reign over them.

 According to all the works which they have done since the day that I brought them up out of  even unto this day, wherewith they have forsaken me, and served other gods, so do they also unto thee.

 Now therefore hearken unto their voice: howbeit yet protest solemnly unto them, and shew them the manner of the  that shall reign over them.

 And  told all the words of the LORD unto the people that asked of him a .

 And he said, This will be the manner of the  that shall reign over you: He will take your sons, and appoint them for himself, for his chariots, and to be his horsemen; and some shall run before his chariots.

 And he will appoint him captains over , and captains over fifties; and will set them to  his ground, and to reap his , and to make his instruments of war, and instruments of his chariots.

 And he will take your daughters to be , and to be cooks, and to be bakers.

 And he will take your fields, and your vineyards, and your oliveyards, even the best of them, and give them to his servants.

 And he will take the tenth of your seed, and of your vineyards, and give to his officers, and to his servants.

 And he will take your menservants, and your maidservants, and your goodliest young men, and your asses, and put them to his work.

 He will take the tenth of your : and ye shall be his servants.

 And ye shall cry out in that day because of your  which ye shall have  you; and the LORD will not hear you in that day.

 Nevertheless the people refused to obey the voice of ; and they said, Nay; but we will have a  over us;

 That we also may be like all the nations; and that our  may  us, and go out before us, and fight our battles.

 And  heard all the words of the people, and he rehearsed them in the ears of the LORD.

 And the LORD said to , Hearken unto their voice, and make them a . And  said unto the men of , Go ye every man unto his city.
