King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel):
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
Then came  to  to  the : and  was afraid at the meeting of , and said unto him, Why art thou alone, and no man with thee?

 And  said unto  the , The  hath commanded me a business, and hath said unto me, Let no man know any thing of the business whereabout I send thee, and what I have commanded thee: and I have appointed my servants to such and such a place.

 Now therefore what is under thine hand? give me five loaves of  in mine hand, or what there is present.

 And the  answered , and said, There is no common  under mine hand, but there is hallowed ; if the young men have kept themselves at least from women.

 And  answered the , and said unto him, Of a truth women have been kept from us about these three days, since I came out, and the vessels of the young men are holy, and the  is in a manner common, yea, though it were sanctified this day in the vessel.

 So the  gave him hallowed : for there was no  there but the , that was taken from before the LORD, to put hot  in the day when it was taken away.

 Now a certain man of the servants of  was there that day, detained before the LORD; and his name was , an Edomite, the chiefest of the herdmen that belonged to .

 And  said unto , And is there not here under thine hand spear or ? for I have neither brought my  nor my weapons with me, because the king's business required haste.

 And the  said, The  of  the Philistine, whom thou slewest in the  of , behold, it is here wrapped in a cloth behind the : if thou wilt take that, take it: for there is no other save that here. And  said, There is none like that; give it me.

 And  arose and fled that day for fear of , and went to  the  of .

 And the servants of  said unto him, Is not this  the  of the land? did they not sing one to another of him in dances, saying,  hath slain his , and  his ten ?

 And  laid up these words in his heart, and was sore afraid of  the  of .

 And he changed his behaviour before them, and feigned himself mad in their hands, and scrabbled on the  of the , and let his spittle fall down upon his .

 Then said  unto his servants, Lo, ye see the man is mad: wherefore then have ye brought him to me?

 Have I need of mad men, that ye have brought this fellow to play the mad man in my presence? shall this fellow come into my house?
