King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel):
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
And the word of  came to all . Now  went out against the  to battle, and pitched beside Ebenezer: and the  pitched in Aphek.

 And the  put themselves in array against : and when they joined battle,  was smitten before the : and they slew of the army in the field about four thousand men.

 And when the people were come into the , the elders of  said, Wherefore hath the LORD smitten us to day before the ? Let us fetch the  of the  of the LORD out of  unto us, that, when it cometh among us, it may save us out of the hand of our enemies.

 So the people sent to , that they might bring from thence the  of the  of the LORD of hosts, which dwelleth between the cherubims: and the two sons of ,  and , were there with the  of the  of God.

 And when the  of the  of the LORD came into the , all  shouted with a great shout, so that the earth rang again.

 And when the  heard the noise of the shout, they said, What meaneth the noise of this great shout in the  of the ? And they understood that the  of the LORD was come into the .

 And the  were afraid, for they said, God is come into the . And they said, Woe unto us! for there hath not been such a thing heretofore.

 Woe unto us! who shall deliver us out of the hand of these mighty Gods? these are the Gods that smote the Egyptians with all the plagues in the .

 Be strong and quit yourselves like men, O ye , that ye be not servants unto the , as they have been to you: quit yourselves like men, and fight.

 And the  fought, and  was smitten, and they fled every man into his : and there was a very great slaughter; for there fell of  thirty thousand footmen.

 And the  of God was taken; and the two sons of ,  and , were slain.

 And there ran a man of  out of the army, and came to  the same day with his clothes , and with earth upon his head.

 And when he came, lo,  sat upon a seat by the wayside watching: for his heart trembled for the  of God. And when the man came into the city, and told it, all the city cried out.

 And when  heard the noise of the crying, he said, What meaneth the noise of this tumult? And the man came in hastily, and told .

 Now  was ninety and eight years old; and his eyes were dim, that he could not see.

 And the man said unto , I am he that came out of the army, and I fled to day out of the army. And he said, What is there done, my son?

 And the  answered and said,  is fled before the , and there hath been also a great slaughter among the people, and thy two sons also,  and , are dead, and the  of God is taken.

 And it came to pass, when he made mention of the  of God, that he fell from off the seat backward by the side of the , and his  brake, and he died: for he was an old man, and heavy. And he had judged  forty years.

 And his daughter in law, Phinehas' wife, was with child, near to be delivered: and when she heard the tidings that the  of God was taken, and that her father in law and her husband were dead, she bowed herself and travailed; for her pains came upon her.

 And about the time of her death the women that stood by her said unto her, Fear not; for thou hast born a son. But she answered not, neither did she regard it.

 And she named the child , saying, The  is departed from : because the  of God was taken, and because of her father in law and her husband.

 And she said, The  is departed from : for the  of God is taken.
