King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel):
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Samuel) Chapter
Then they told , saying, Behold, the  fight against , and they rob the threshingfloors.

 Therefore  enquired of the LORD, saying, Shall I go and smite these ? And the LORD said unto , Go, and smite the , and save .

 And David's men said unto him, Behold, we be afraid here in : how much more then if we come to  against the armies of the ?

 Then  enquired of the LORD yet again. And the LORD answered him and said, Arise, go down to ; for I will deliver the  into thine hand.

 So  and his men went to , and fought with the , and brought away their , and smote them with a great slaughter. So  saved the inhabitants of .

 And it came to pass, when  the son of  fled to  to , that he came down with an  in his hand.

 And it was told  that  was come to . And  said, God hath delivered him into mine hand; for he is shut in, by entering into a town that hath gates and bars.

 And  called all the people together to war, to go down to , to besiege  and his men.

 And  knew that  secretly practised mischief against him; and he said to  the , Bring hither the .

 Then said , O LORD God of , thy servant hath certainly heard that  seeketh to come to , to destroy the city for my sake.

 Will the men of  deliver me up into his hand? will  come down, as thy servant hath heard? O LORD God of , I beseech thee, tell thy servant. And the LORD said, He will come down.

 Then said , Will the men of  deliver me and my men into the hand of ? And the LORD said, They will deliver thee up.

 Then  and his men, which were about six hundred, arose and departed out of , and went whithersoever they could go. And it was told  that  was escaped from ; and he forbare to go forth.

 And  abode in the  in strong holds, and remained in a mountain in the  of . And  sought him every day, but God delivered him not into his hand.

 And  saw that  was come out to seek his life: and  was in the  of  in a .

 And  Saul's son arose, and went to  into the , and strengthened his hand in God.

 And he said unto him, Fear not: for the hand of  my father shall not find thee; and thou shalt be  over , and I shall be next unto thee; and that also  my father knoweth.

 And they two made a  before the LORD: and  abode in the , and  went to his house.

 Then came up the Ziphites to  to , saying, Doth not  hide himself with us in strong holds in the , in the hill of , which is on the south of ?

 Now therefore, O , come down according to all the desire of thy soul to come down; and our part shall be to deliver him into the king's hand.

 And  said, Blessed be ye of the LORD; for ye have compassion on me.

 Go, I pray you, prepare yet, and know and see his place where his haunt is, and who hath seen him there: for it is told me that he dealeth very subtilly.

 See therefore, and take knowledge of all the lurking places where he hideth himself, and come ye again to me with the certainty, and I will go with you: and it shall come to pass, if he be in the land, that I will search him out throughout all the  of .

 And they arose, and went to  before : but  and his men were in the  of , in the  on the south of .

  also and his men went to seek him. And they told ; wherefore he came down into a , and abode in the  of . And when  heard that, he pursued after  in the  of .

 And  went on this side of the mountain, and  and his men on that side of the mountain: and  made haste to get away for fear of ; for  and his men compassed  and his men round about to take them.

 But there came a  unto , saying, Haste thee, and come; for the  have invaded the land.

 Wherefore  returned from pursuing after , and went against the : therefore they called that place Selahammahlekoth.

 And  went up from thence, and dwelt in strong holds at .
