King James Version: Haggai: Haggai Chapter
King James Version: Haggai Chapter
In the seventh month, in the one and twentieth day of the month, came the word of the LORD by the  Haggai, saying,

 Speak now to  the son of , governor of , and to  the son of Josedech, the high , and to the residue of the people, saying,

 Who is left among you that saw this house in her first ? and how do ye see it now? is it not in your eyes in comparison of it as nothing?

 Yet now be strong, O , saith the LORD; and be strong, O , son of Josedech, the high ; and be strong, all ye people of the land, saith the LORD, and work: for I am with you, saith the LORD of hosts:

 According to the word that I covenanted with you when ye came out of , so my  remaineth among you: fear ye not.

 For thus saith the LORD of hosts; Yet once, it is a little while, and I will shake the heavens, and the earth, and the sea, and the dry land;

 And I will shake all nations, and the desire of all nations shall come: and I will fill this house with , saith the LORD of hosts.

 The  is mine, and the  is mine, saith the LORD of hosts.

 The  of this latter house shall be greater than of the former, saith the LORD of hosts: and in this place will I give peace, saith the LORD of hosts.

 In the four and twentieth day of the ninth month, in the second year of , came the word of the LORD by Haggai the , saying,

 Thus saith the LORD of hosts; Ask now the priests concerning the law, saying,

 If one bear holy  in the skirt of his garment, and with his skirt do touch , or , or , or oil, or any meat, shall it be holy? And the priests answered and said, No.

 Then said Haggai, If one that is unclean by a dead body touch any of these, shall it be unclean? And the priests answered and said, It shall be unclean.

 Then answered Haggai, and said, So is this people, and so is this nation before me, saith the LORD; and so is every work of their hands; and that which they offer there is unclean.

 And now, I pray you, consider from this day and upward, from before a  was laid upon a  in the  of the LORD:

 Since those days were, when one came to an  of twenty measures, there were but ten: when one came to the pressfat for to draw out fifty vessels out of the press, there were but twenty.

 I smote you with blasting and with  and with  in all the labours of your hands; yet ye turned not to me, saith the LORD.

 Consider now from this day and upward, from the four and twentieth day of the ninth month, even from the day that the foundation of the LORD's  was laid, consider it.

 Is the seed yet in the ? yea, as yet the , and the  tree, and the , and the  tree, hath not brought forth: from this day will I  you.

 And again the word of the LORD came unto Haggai in the four and twentieth day of the month, saying,

 Speak to , governor of , saying, I will shake the heavens and the earth;

 And I will overthrow the  of kingdoms, and I will destroy the strength of the kingdoms of the ; and I will overthrow the chariots, and those that ride in them; and the horses and their riders shall come down, every one by the  of his brother.

 In that day, saith the LORD of hosts, will I take thee, O , my servant, the son of , saith the LORD, and will make thee as a : for I have  thee, saith the LORD of hosts.
