King James Version: Haggai: Haggai Chapter
King James Version: Haggai Chapter
In the second year of  the , in the sixth month, in the first day of the month, came the word of the LORD by Haggai the  unto  the son of , governor of , and to  the son of Josedech, the high , saying,

 Thus speaketh the LORD of hosts, saying, This people say, The time is not come, the time that the LORD's house should be built.

 Then came the word of the LORD by Haggai the , saying,

 Is it time for you, O ye, to dwell in your cieled houses, and this house lie waste?

 Now therefore thus saith the LORD of hosts; Consider your ways.

 Ye have sown much, and bring in little; ye eat, but ye have not enough; ye , but ye are not filled with ; ye clothe you, but there is none warm; and he that earneth  earneth  to put it into a  with holes.

 Thus saith the LORD of hosts; Consider your ways.

 Go up to the mountain, and bring , and build the house; and I will take pleasure in it, and I will be glorified, saith the LORD.

 Ye looked for much, and, lo it came to little; and when ye brought it home, I did blow upon it. Why? saith the LORD of hosts. Because of mine house that is waste, and ye run every man unto his own house.

 Therefore the  over you is stayed from , and the earth is stayed from her .

 And I called for a  upon the land, and upon the mountains, and upon the , and upon the new , and upon the oil, and upon that which the ground bringeth forth, and upon men, and upon , and upon all the labour of the hands.

 Then  the son of , and  the son of Josedech, the high , with all the remnant of the people, obeyed the voice of the LORD their God, and the words of Haggai the , as the LORD their God had sent him, and the people did fear before the LORD.

 Then spake Haggai the LORD's  in the LORD's message unto the people, saying, I am with you, saith the LORD.

 And the LORD stirred up the  of  the son of , governor of , and the  of  the son of Josedech, the high , and the  of all the remnant of the people; and they came and did work in the house of the LORD of hosts, their God,

 In the four and twentieth day of the sixth month, in the second year of  the .
