King James Version: Genesis: Genesis Chapter
King James Version: Genesis Chapter
And it came to pass after these things, that God did tempt , and said unto him, : and he said, Behold, here I am.

 And he said, Take now thy son, thine only son , whom thou lovest, and get thee into the land of ; and offer him there for a burnt  upon one of the mountains which I will tell thee of.

 And  rose up early in the morning, and saddled his , and took two of his young men with him, and  his son, and clave the  for the burnt , and rose up, and went unto the place of which God had told him.

 Then on the third day  lifted up his eyes, and saw the place afar off.

 And  said unto his young men, Abide ye here with the ; and I and the lad will go yonder and , and come again to you.

 And  took the  of the burnt , and laid it upon  his son; and he took the fire in his hand, and a ; and they went both of them together.

 And  spake unto  his father, and said, My father: and he said, Here am I, my son. And he said, Behold the fire and the : but where is the  for a burnt ?

 And  said, My son, God will provide himself a  for a burnt : so they went both of them together.

 And they came to the place which God had told him of; and  built an  there, and laid the  in order, and bound  his son, and laid him on the  upon the .

 And  stretched forth his hand, and took the  to slay his son.

 And the  of the LORD called unto him out of , and said, , : and he said, Here am I.

 And he said, Lay not thine hand upon the lad, neither do thou any thing unto him: for now I know that thou fearest God, seeing thou hast not withheld thy son, thine only son from me.

 And  lifted up his eyes, and looked, and behold behind him a  caught in a thicket by his horns: and  went and took the , and offered him up for a burnt  in the stead of his son.

 And  called the name of that place Jehovahjireh: as it is said to this day, In the  of the LORD it shall be seen.

 And the  of the LORD called unto  out of  the second time,

 And said, By myself have I sworn, saith the LORD, for because thou hast done this thing, and hast not withheld thy son, thine only son:

 That in blessing I will  thee, and in multiplying I will multiply thy seed as the  of the , and as the sand which is upon the sea shore; and thy seed shall possess the  of his enemies;

 And in thy seed shall all the nations of the earth be blessed; because thou hast obeyed my voice.

 So  returned unto his young men, and they rose up and went together to ; and  dwelt at .

 And it came to pass after these things, that it was told , saying, Behold, Milcah, she hath also born children unto thy brother ;

 Huz his firstborn, and  his brother, and  the father of ,

 And , and , and Pildash, and Jidlaph, and .

 And  begat : these eight Milcah did bear to , Abraham's brother.

 And his , whose name was Reumah, she bare also Tebah, and Gaham, and , and .
