King James Version: Genesis: Genesis Chapter
King James Version: Genesis Chapter
Now the LORD had said unto , Get thee out of thy country, and from thy kindred, and from thy father's house, unto a land that I will shew thee:

 And I will make of thee a great nation, and I will  thee, and make thy name great; and thou shalt be a blessing:

 And I will  them that  thee, and  him that curseth thee: and in thee shall all families of the earth be blessed.

 So  departed, as the LORD had spoken unto him; and Lot went with him: and  was seventy and five years old when he departed out of .

 And  took  his wife, and Lot his brother's son, and all their substance that they had gathered, and the souls that they had gotten in ; and they went forth to go into the land of ; and into the land of  they came.

 And  passed through the land unto the place of , unto the  of . And the  was then in the land.

 And the LORD appeared unto , and said, Unto thy seed will I give this land: and there builded he an  unto the LORD, who appeared unto him.

 And he removed from thence unto a mountain on the  of , and pitched his , having  on the west, and Hai on the : and there he builded an  unto the LORD, and called upon the name of the LORD.

 And  journeyed, going on still toward the south.

 And there was a  in the land: and  went down into  to sojourn there; for the  was grievous in the land.

 And it came to pass, when he was come near to enter into , that he said unto  his wife, Behold now, I know that thou art a fair woman to look upon:

 Therefore it shall come to pass, when the Egyptians shall see thee, that they shall say, This is his wife: and they will kill me, but they will save thee alive.

 Say, I pray thee, thou art my sister: that it may be well with me for thy sake; and my soul shall live because of thee.

 And it came to pass, that, when  was come into , the Egyptians beheld the woman that she was very fair.

 The princes also of  saw her, and commended her before : and the woman was taken into Pharaoh's house.

 And he entreated  well for her sake: and he had , and oxen, and he asses, and menservants, and maidservants, and she asses, and camels.

 And the LORD plagued  and his house with great plagues because of  Abram's wife.

 And  called  and said, What is this that thou hast done unto me? why didst thou not tell me that she was thy wife?

 Why saidst thou, She is my sister? so I might have taken her to me to wife: now therefore behold thy wife, take her, and go thy way.

 And  commanded his men concerning him: and they sent him away, and his wife, and all that he had.
