King James Version: Genesis: Genesis Chapter
King James Version: Genesis Chapter
And  took his  with all that he had, and came to , and offered sacrifices unto the God of his father .

 And God spake unto  in the visions of the night, and said, , . And he said, Here am I.

 And he said, I am God, the God of thy father: fear not to go down into ; for I will there make of thee a great nation:

 I will go down with thee into ; and I will also surely bring thee up again: and  shall put his hand upon thine eyes.

 And  rose up from : and the sons of  carried  their father, and their little ones, and their wives, in the wagons which  had sent to carry him.

 And they took their , and their goods, which they had gotten in the land of , and came into , , and all his seed with him:

 His sons, and his sons' sons with him, his daughters, and his sons' daughters, and all his seed brought he with him into .

 And these are the names of the children of , which came into ,  and his sons: , Jacob's firstborn.

 And the sons of ; Hanoch, and , and , and .

 And the sons of ; Jemuel, and Jamin, and , and , and , and Shaul the son of a Canaanitish woman.

 And the sons of ; , , and .

 And the sons of ; Er, and , and , and , and Zarah: but Er and  died in the land of . And the sons of  were  and .

 And the sons of ; , and Phuvah, and Job, and .

 And the sons of ; , and , and Jahleel.

 These be the sons of , which she bare unto  in Padanaram, with his daughter : all the souls of his sons and his daughters were thirty and three.

 And the sons of ; Ziphion, and Haggi, Shuni, and Ezbon, Eri, and Arodi, and Areli.

 And the sons of ; Jimnah, and Ishuah, and Isui, and , and  their sister: and the sons of ; , and Malchiel.

 These are the sons of , whom  gave to  his daughter, and these she bare unto , even sixteen souls.

 The sons of  Jacob's wife; , and .

 And unto  in the land of  were born  and , which  the daughter of   of On bare unto him.

 And the sons of  were Belah, and , and Ashbel, , and , Ehi, and , Muppim, and Huppim, and .

 These are the sons of , which were born to : all the souls were fourteen.

 And the sons of ; Hushim.

 And the sons of ; , and Guni, and Jezer, and Shillem.

 These are the sons of , which  gave unto  his daughter, and she bare these unto : all the souls were .

 All the souls that came with  into , which came out of his loins, besides Jacob's sons' wives, all the souls were threescore and six;

 And the sons of , which were born him in , were two souls: all the souls of the house of , which came into , were threescore and ten.

 And he sent  before him unto , to direct his face unto ; and they came into the land of .

 And  made ready his , and went up to meet  his father, to , and presented himself unto him; and he fell on his , and wept on his  a good while.

 And  said unto , Now let me die, since I have seen thy face, because thou art yet alive.

 And  said unto his brethren, and unto his father's house, I will go up, and shew , and say unto him, My brethren, and my father's house, which were in the land of , are come unto me;

 And the men are shepherds, for their trade hath been to feed ; and they have brought their flocks, and their herds, and all that they have.

 And it shall come to pass, when  shall call you, and shall say, What is your occupation?

 That ye shall say, Thy servants' trade hath been about  from our youth even until now, both we, and also our fathers: that ye may dwell in the land of ; for every  is an  unto the Egyptians.
