King James Version: Genesis: Genesis Chapter
King James Version: Genesis Chapter
And  dwelt in the land wherein his father was a , in the land of .

 These are the generations of . , being seventeen years old, was feeding the flock with his brethren; and the lad was with the sons of , and with the sons of , his father's wives: and  brought unto his father their evil report.

 Now  loved  more than all his children, because he was the son of his old age: and he made him a  of many colours.

 And when his brethren saw that their father loved him more than all his brethren, they hated him, and could not speak peaceably unto him.

 And  dreamed a , and he told it his brethren: and they hated him yet the more.

 And he said unto them, Hear, I pray you, this  which I have dreamed:

 For, behold, we were binding sheaves in the field, and, lo, my sheaf arose, and also stood upright; and, behold, your sheaves stood round about, and made  to my sheaf.

 And his brethren said to him, Shalt thou indeed reign over us? or shalt thou indeed have dominion over us? And they hated him yet the more for his dreams, and for his words.

 And he dreamed yet another , and told it his brethren, and said, Behold, I have dreamed a  more; and, behold, the  and the  and the eleven  made  to me.

 And he told it to his father, and to his brethren: and his father rebuked him, and said unto him, What is this  that thou hast dreamed?  Shall I and thy mother and thy brethren indeed come to  down ourselves to thee to the earth?

 And his brethren envied him; but his father observed the saying.

 And his brethren went to feed their father's flock in .

 And  said unto , Do not thy brethren feed the flock in ? come, and I will send thee unto them. And he said to him, Here am I.

 And he said to him, Go, I pray thee, see whether it be well with thy brethren, and well with the flocks; and bring me word again. So he sent him out of the vale of , and he came to .

 And a certain man found him, and, behold, he was  in the field: and the man asked him, saying, What seekest thou?

 And he said, I seek my brethren: tell me, I pray thee, where they feed their flocks.

 And the man said, They are departed hence; for I heard them say, Let us go to . And  went after his brethren, and found them in .

 And when they saw him afar off, even before he came near unto them, they conspired against him to slay him.

 And they said one to another, Behold, this dreamer cometh.

 Come now therefore, and let us slay him, and cast him into some , and we will say, Some evil  hath devoured him: and we shall see what will become of his dreams.

 And  heard it, and he delivered him out of their hands; and said, Let us not kill him.

 And  said unto them, Shed no , but cast him into this  that is in the , and lay no hand upon him; that he might rid him out of their hands, to deliver him to his father again.

 And it came to pass, when  was come unto his brethren, that they stript  out of his , his  of many colours that was on him;

 And they took him, and cast him into a : and the  was empty, there was no water in it.

 And they sat down to eat : and they lifted up their eyes and looked, and, behold, a company of  came from  with their camels bearing  and  and , going to carry it down to .

 And  said unto his brethren, What profit is it if we slay our brother, and conceal his ?

 Come, and let us sell him to the , and let not our hand be upon him; for he is our brother and our . And his brethren were content.

 Then there passed by Midianites merchantmen; and they drew and lifted up  out of the , and sold  to the  for twenty  of : and they brought  into .

 And  returned unto the ; and, behold,  was not in the ; and he  his clothes.

 And he returned unto his brethren, and said, The child is not; and I, whither shall I go?

 And they took Joseph's , and killed a kid of the goats, and dipped the  in the ;

 And they sent the  of many colours, and they brought it to their father; and said, This have we found: know now whether it be thy son's  or no.

 And he knew it, and said, It is my son's ; an evil  hath devoured him;  is without doubt  in .

 And   his clothes, and put  upon his loins, and mourned for his son many days.

 And all his sons and all his daughters rose up to comfort him; but he refused to be comforted; and he said, For I will go down into the  unto my son mourning. Thus his father wept for him.

 And the Midianites sold him into  unto , an officer of Pharaoh's, and captain of the .
