King James Version: Genesis: Genesis Chapter
King James Version: Genesis Chapter
And the whole earth was of one language, and of one speech.

 And it came to pass, as they journeyed from the , that they found a  in the land of Shinar; and they dwelt there.

 And they said one to another, Go to, let us make brick, and burn them thoroughly. And they had brick for , and  had they for morter.

 And they said, Go to, let us build us a city and a tower, whose top may reach unto ; and let us make us a name, lest we be scattered abroad upon the face of the whole earth.

 And the LORD came down to see the city and the tower, which the children of men builded.

 And the LORD said, Behold, the people is one, and they have all one language; and this they begin to do: and now nothing will be restrained from them, which they have imagined to do.

 Go to, let us go down, and there confound their language, that they may not understand one another's speech.

 So the LORD scattered them abroad from thence upon the face of all the earth: and they left off to build the city.

 Therefore is the name of it called Babel; because the LORD did there confound the language of all the earth: and from thence did the LORD scatter them abroad upon the face of all the earth.

 These are the generations of :  was an hundred years old, and begat  two years after the :

 And  lived after he begat  five hundred years, and begat sons and daughters.

 And  lived five and thirty years, and begat Salah:

 And  lived after he begat Salah four hundred and three years, and begat sons and daughters.

 And Salah lived thirty years, and begat :

 And Salah lived after he begat  four hundred and three years, and begat sons and daughters.

 And  lived four and thirty years, and begat :

 And  lived after he begat  four hundred and thirty years, and begat sons and daughters.

 And  lived thirty years, and begat Reu:

 And  lived after he begat Reu two hundred and nine years, and begat sons and daughters.

 And Reu lived two and thirty years, and begat :

 And Reu lived after he begat  two hundred and  years, and begat sons and daughters.

 And  lived thirty years, and begat :

 And  lived after he begat  two hundred years, and begat sons and daughters.

 And  lived nine and twenty years, and begat :

 And  lived after he begat  an hundred and nineteen years, and begat sons and daughters.

 And  lived seventy years, and begat , , and .

 Now these are the generations of :  begat , , and ; and  begat Lot.

 And  died before his father  in the land of his nativity, in  of the .

 And  and  took them wives: the name of Abram's wife was ; and the name of Nahor's wife, Milcah, the daughter of , the father of Milcah, and the father of .

 But  was ; she had no child.

 And  took  his son, and Lot the son of  his son's son, and  his daughter in law, his son Abram's wife; and they went forth with them from  of the , to go into the land of ; and they came unto , and dwelt there.

 And the days of  were two hundred and five years: and  died in .
