King James Version: Genesis: Genesis Chapter
King James Version: Genesis Chapter
And  fell upon his father's face, and wept upon him, and kissed him.

 And  commanded his servants the physicians to embalm his father: and the physicians embalmed .

 And forty days were fulfilled for him; for so are fulfilled the days of those which are embalmed: and the Egyptians mourned for him threescore and ten days.

 And when the days of his mourning were past,  spake unto the house of , saying, If now I have found  in your eyes, speak, I pray you, in the ears of , saying,

 My father made me swear, saying, Lo, I die: in my  which I have digged for me in the land of , there shalt thou bury me. Now therefore let me go up, I pray thee, and bury my father, and I will come again.

 And  said, Go up, and bury thy father, according as he made thee swear.

 And  went up to bury his father: and with him went up all the servants of , the elders of his house, and all the elders of the land of ,

 And all the house of , and his brethren, and his father's house: only their little ones, and their flocks, and their herds, they left in the land of .

 And there went up with him both chariots and horsemen: and it was a very great company.

 And they came to the threshingfloor of , which is beyond , and there they mourned with a great and very sore : and he made a mourning for his father  days.

 And when the inhabitants of the land, the , saw the mourning in the floor of , they said, This is a grievous mourning to the Egyptians: wherefore the name of it was called Abelmizraim, which is beyond .

 And his sons did unto him according as he commanded them:

 For his sons carried him into the land of , and buried him in the  of the field of , which  bought with the field for a possession of a buryingplace of  the Hittite, before .

 And  returned into , he, and his brethren, and all that went up with him to bury his father, after he had buried his father.

 And when Joseph's brethren saw that their father was dead, they said,  will peradventure hate us, and will certainly requite us all the evil which we did unto him.

 And they sent a  unto , saying, Thy father did command before he died, saying,

 So shall ye say unto , Forgive, I pray thee now, the trespass of thy brethren, and their ; for they did unto thee evil: and now, we pray thee, forgive the trespass of the servants of the God of thy father. And  wept when they spake unto him.

 And his brethren also went and fell down before his face; and they said, Behold, we be thy servants.

 And  said unto them, Fear not: for am I in the place of God?

 But as for you, ye thought evil against me; but God meant it unto good, to bring to pass, as it is this day, to save much people alive.

 Now therefore fear ye not: I will nourish you, and your little ones. And he comforted them, and spake kindly unto them.

 And  dwelt in , he, and his father's house: and  lived an hundred and ten years.

 And  saw Ephraim's children of the third : the children also of  the son of  were brought up upon Joseph's knees.

 And  said unto his brethren, I die: and God will surely visit you, and bring you out of this land unto the land which he sware to , to , and to .

 And  took an  of the children of , saying, God will surely visit you, and ye shall carry up my bones from hence.

 So  died, being an hundred and ten years old: and they embalmed him, and he was put in a  in .
