King James Version: Genesis: Genesis Chapter
King James Version: Genesis Chapter
This is the book of the generations of . In the day that God created man, in the likeness of God made he him;

 Male and female created he them; and blessed them, and called their name , in the day when they were created.

 And  lived an hundred and thirty years, and begat a son in his own likeness, and after his image; and called his name :

 And the days of  after he had begotten  were eight hundred years: and he begat sons and daughters:

 And all the days that  lived were nine hundred and thirty years: and he died.

 And  lived an hundred and five years, and begat :

 And  lived after he begat  eight hundred and  years, and begat sons and daughters:

 And all the days of  were nine hundred and twelve years: and he died.

 And  lived ninety years, and begat :

 And  lived after he begat  eight hundred and fifteen years, and begat sons and daughters:

 And all the days of  were nine hundred and five years: and he died.

 And  lived seventy years and begat :

 And  lived after he begat  eight hundred and forty years, and begat sons and daughters:

 And all the days of  were nine hundred and ten years: and he died.

 And  lived sixty and five years, and begat :

 And  lived after he begat  eight hundred and thirty years, and begat sons and daughters:

 And all the days of  were eight hundred ninety and five years: and he died.

 And  lived an hundred sixty and two years, and he begat :

 And  lived after he begat  eight hundred years, and begat sons and daughters:

 And all the days of  were nine hundred sixty and two years: and he died.

 And  lived sixty and five years, and begat :

 And  walked with God after he begat  three hundred years, and begat sons and daughters:

 And all the days of  were three hundred sixty and five years:

 And  walked with God: and he was not; for God took him.

 And  lived an hundred eighty and  years, and begat .

 And  lived after he begat   hundred eighty and two years, and begat sons and daughters:

 And all the days of  were nine hundred sixty and nine years: and he died.

 And  lived an hundred eighty and two years, and begat a son:

 And he called his name , saying, This same shall comfort us concerning our work and toil of our hands, because of the ground which the LORD hath cursed.

 And  lived after he begat  five hundred ninety and five years, and begat sons and daughters:

 And all the days of  were  hundred seventy and  years: and he died.

 And  was five hundred years old: and  begat , , and .
