King James Version: Genesis: Genesis Chapter
King James Version: Genesis Chapter
After these things the word of the LORD came unto  in a , saying, Fear not, : I am thy , and thy exceeding great reward.

 And  said, LORD God, what wilt thou give me, seeing I go childless, and the steward of my house is this  of ?

 And  said, Behold, to me thou hast given no seed: and, lo, one born in my house is mine .

 And, behold, the word of the LORD came unto him, saying, This shall not be thine ; but he that shall come forth out of thine own  shall be thine .

 And he brought him forth abroad, and said, Look now toward , and tell the , if thou be able to number them: and he said unto him, So shall thy seed be.

 And he believed in the LORD; and he counted it to him for .

 And he said unto him, I am the LORD that brought thee out of  of the , to give thee this land to inherit it.

 And he said, LORD God, whereby shall I know that I shall inherit it?

 And he said unto him, Take me an  of three years old, and a she  of three years old, and a  of three years old, and a turtledove, and a young .

 And he took unto him all these, and divided them in the midst, and laid each piece one against another: but the birds divided he not.

 And when the fowls came down upon the carcases,  drove them away.

 And when the  was going down, a  sleep fell upon ; and, lo, an horror of great  fell upon him.

 And he said unto , Know of a  that thy seed shall be a  in a land that is not their's, and shall serve them; and they shall afflict them four hundred years;

 And also that nation, whom they shall serve, will I : and afterward shall they come out with great substance.

 And thou shalt go to thy fathers in peace; thou shalt be buried in a good old age.

 But in the fourth  they shall come hither again: for the iniquity of the  is not yet full.

 And it came to pass, that, when the  went down, and it was dark, behold a smoking , and a burning  that passed between those .

 In the same day the LORD made a  with , saying, Unto thy seed have I given this land, from the river of  unto the great river, the river :

 The , and the Kenizzites, and the ,

 And the , and the , and the Rephaims,

 And the , and the , and the Girgashites, and the .
