King James Version: Genesis: Genesis Chapter
King James Version: Genesis Chapter
And it came to pass in the days of   of Shinar,   of ,   of , and   of nations;

 That these made war with   of , and with   of ,   of , and   of Zeboiim, and the  of , which is .

 All these were joined together in the vale of Siddim, which is the  sea.

 Twelve years they served , and in the thirteenth year they rebelled.

 And in the fourteenth year came , and the kings that were with him, and smote the Rephaims in Ashteroth Karnaim, and the  in , and the Emins in Shaveh Kiriathaim,

 And the  in their  , unto , which is by the .

 And they returned, and came to Enmishpat, which is , and smote all the country of the Amalekites, and also the , that dwelt in Hazezontamar.

 And there went out the  of , and the  of , and the  of , and the  of Zeboiim, and the  of  (the same is ;) and they joined battle with them in the vale of Siddim;

 With  the  of , and with   of nations, and   of Shinar, and   of ; four kings with five.

 And the vale of Siddim was full of slimepits; and the kings of  and  fled, and fell there; and they that remained fled to the mountain.

 And they took all the goods of  and , and all their victuals, and went their way.

 And they took Lot, Abram's brother's son, who dwelt in , and his goods, and departed.

 And there came one that had escaped, and told  the ; for he dwelt in the  of  the Amorite, brother of , and brother of : and these were confederate with .

 And when  heard that his brother was taken , he armed his trained servants, born in his own house, three hundred and eighteen, and pursued them unto .

 And he divided himself against them, he and his servants, by night, and smote them, and pursued them unto , which is on the left hand of .

 And he brought back all the goods, and also brought again his brother Lot, and his goods, and the women also, and the people.

 And the  of  went out to meet him after his return from the slaughter of , and of the kings that were with him, at the  of Shaveh, which is the king's dale.

 And   of  brought forth  and : and he was the  of the most high God.

 And he blessed him, and said, Blessed be  of the most high God, possessor of  and earth:

 And blessed be the most high God, which hath delivered thine enemies into thy hand. And he gave him tithes of all.

 And the  of  said unto , Give me the persons, and take the goods to thyself.

 And  said to the  of , I have lift up mine hand unto the LORD, the most high God, the possessor of  and earth,

 That I will not take from a thread even to a shoelatchet, and that I will not take any thing that is thine, lest thou shouldest say, I have made  rich:

 Save only that which the young men have eaten, and the portion of the men which went with me, , , and ; let them take their portion.
