King James Version: Genesis: Genesis Chapter
King James Version: Genesis Chapter
And  called , and blessed him, and charged him, and said unto him, Thou shalt not take a wife of the daughters of .

 Arise, go to Padanaram, to the house of  thy mother's father; and take thee a wife from thence of the daughers of  thy mother's brother.

 And God Almighty  thee, and make thee fruitful, and multiply thee, that thou mayest be a multitude of people;

 And give thee the blessing of , to thee, and to thy seed with thee; that thou mayest inherit the land wherein thou art a , which God gave unto .

 And  sent away : and he went to Padanaram unto , son of  the Syrian, the brother of , Jacob's and Esau's mother.

 When  saw that  had blessed , and sent him away to Padanaram, to take him a wife from thence; and that as he blessed him he gave him a charge, saying, Thou shalt not take a wife of the daughers of ;

 And that  obeyed his father and his mother, and was gone to Padanaram;

 And  seeing that the daughters of  pleased not  his father;

 Then went  unto , and took unto the wives which he had  the daughter of  Abraham's son, the sister of Nebajoth, to be his wife.

 And  went out from , and went toward .

 And he lighted upon a certain place, and tarried there all night, because the  was set; and he took of the stones of that place, and put them for his pillows, and lay down in that place to sleep.

 And he dreamed, and behold a  set up on the earth, and the top of it reached to : and behold the angels of God ascending and descending on it.

 And, behold, the LORD stood above it, and said, I am the LORD God of  thy father, and the God of : the land whereon thou liest, to thee will I give it, and to thy seed;

 And thy seed shall be as the  of the earth, and thou shalt spread abroad to the west, and to the , and to the north, and to the south: and in thee and in thy seed shall all the families of the earth be blessed.

 And, behold, I am with thee, and will keep thee in all places whither thou goest, and will bring thee again into this land; for I will not leave thee, until I have done that which I have spoken to thee of.

 And  awaked out of his sleep, and he said, Surely the LORD is in this place; and I knew it not.

 And he was afraid, and said, How dreadful is this place! this is none other but the house of God, and this is the  of .

 And  rose up early in the morning, and took the  that he had put for his pillows, and set it up for a , and poured oil upon the top of it.

 And he called the name of that place : but the name of that city was called  at the first.

 And  vowed a vow, saying, If God will be with me, and will keep me in this way that I go, and will give me  to eat, and raiment to put on,

 So that I come again to my father's house in peace; then shall the LORD be my God:

 And this , which I have set for a , shall be God's house: and of all that thou shalt give me I will surely give the tenth unto thee.
