King James Version: Genesis: Genesis Chapter
King James Version: Genesis Chapter
And  journeyed from thence toward the south country, and dwelled between  and , and sojourned in .

 And  said of  his wife, She is my sister: and   of  sent, and took .

 But God came to  in a  by night, and said to him, Behold, thou art but a dead man, for the woman which thou hast taken; for she is a man's wife.

 But  had not come near her: and he said, LORD, wilt thou slay also a righteous nation?

 Said he not unto me, She is my sister? and she, even she herself said, He is my brother: in the integrity of my heart and innocency of my hands have I done this.

 And God said unto him in a , Yea, I know that thou didst this in the integrity of thy heart; for I also withheld thee from sinning against me: therefore suffered I thee not to touch her.

 Now therefore restore the man his wife; for he is a , and he shall pray for thee, and thou shalt live: and if thou restore her not, know thou that thou shalt surely die, thou, and all that are thine.

 Therefore  rose early in the morning, and called all his servants, and told all these things in their ears: and the men were sore afraid.

 Then  called , and said unto him, What hast thou done unto us? and what have I offended thee, that thou hast brought on me and on my kingdom a great ? thou hast done deeds unto me that ought not to be done.

 And  said unto , What sawest thou, that thou hast done this thing?

 And  said, Because I thought, Surely the fear of God is not in this place; and they will slay me for my wife's sake.

 And yet indeed she is my sister; she is the daughter of my father, but not the daughter of my mother; and she became my wife.

 And it came to pass, when God caused me to wander from my father's house, that I said unto her, This is thy kindness which thou shalt shew unto me; at every place whither we shall come, say of me, He is my brother.

 And  took , and oxen, and menservants, and womenservants, and gave them unto , and restored him  his wife.

 And  said, Behold, my land is before thee: dwell where it pleaseth thee.

 And unto  he said, Behold, I have given thy brother a thousand  of : behold, he is to thee a covering of the eyes, unto all that are with thee, and with all other: thus she was reproved.

 So  prayed unto God: and God healed , and his wife, and his maidservants; and they bare children.

 For the LORD had  closed up all the wombs of the house of , because of  Abraham's wife.
