King James Version: Genesis: Genesis Chapter
King James Version: Genesis Chapter
And there was a  in the land, beside the first  that was in the days of . And  went unto   of the  unto .

 And the LORD appeared unto him, and said, Go not down into ; dwell in the land which I shall tell thee of:

 Sojourn in this land, and I will be with thee, and will  thee; for unto thee, and unto thy seed, I will give all these countries, and I will perform the  which I sware unto  thy father;

 And I will make thy seed to multiply as the  of , and will give unto thy seed all these countries; and in thy seed shall all the nations of the earth be blessed;

 Because that  obeyed my voice, and kept my charge, my commandments, my statutes, and my laws.

 And  dwelt in :

 And the men of the place asked him of his wife; and he said, She is my sister: for he feared to say, She is my wife; lest, said he, the men of the place should kill me for ; because she was fair to look upon.

 And it came to pass, when he had been there a long time, that   of the  looked out at a window, and saw, and, behold,  was sporting with  his wife.

 And  called , and said, Behold, of a  she is thy wife; and how saidst thou, She is my sister? And  said unto him, Because I said, Lest I die for her.

 And  said, What is this thou hast done unto us? one of the people might lightly have lien with thy wife, and thou shouldest have brought guiltiness upon us.

 And  charged all his people, saying, He that toucheth this man or his wife shall surely be put to death.

 Then  sowed in that land, and received in the same year an hundredfold: and the LORD blessed him.

 And the man waxed great, and went forward, and grew until he became very great:

 For he had possession of flocks, and possession of herds, and great store of servants: and the  envied him.

 For all the wells which his father's servants had digged in the days of  his father, the  had stopped them, and filled them with earth.

 And  said unto , Go from us; for thou art much mightier than we.

 And  departed thence, and pitched his  in the  of , and dwelt there.

 And  digged again the wells of water, which they had digged in the days of  his father; for the  had stopped them after the death of : and he called their names after the names by which his father had called them.

 And Isaac's servants digged in the , and found there a well of springing water.

 And the herdmen of  did strive with Isaac's herdmen, saying, The water is ours: and he called the name of the well ; because they strove with him.

 And they digged another well, and strove for that also: and he called the name of it .

 And he removed from thence, and digged another well; and for that they strove not: and he called the name of it ; and he said, For now the LORD hath made room for us, and we shall be fruitful in the land.

 And he went up from thence to .

 And the LORD appeared unto him the same night, and said, I am the God of  thy father: fear not, for I am with thee, and will  thee, and multiply thy seed for my servant Abraham's sake.

 And he builded an  there, and called upon the name of the LORD, and pitched his  there: and there Isaac's servants digged a well.

 Then  went to him from , and Ahuzzath one of his friends, and Phichol the chief captain of his army.

 And  said unto them, Wherefore come ye to me, seeing ye hate me, and have sent me away from you?

 And they said, We saw certainly that the LORD was with thee: and we said, Let there be now an  betwixt us, even betwixt us and thee, and let us make a  with thee;

 That thou wilt do us no hurt, as we have not touched thee, and as we have done unto thee nothing but good, and have sent thee away in peace: thou art now the blessed of the LORD.

 And he made them a , and they did eat and .

 And they rose up betimes in the morning, and sware one to another: and  sent them away, and they departed from him in peace.

 And it came to pass the same day, that Isaac's servants came, and told him concerning the well which they had digged, and said unto him, We have found water.

 And he called it Shebah: therefore the name of the city is  unto this day.

 And  was forty years old when he took to wife  the daughter of  the Hittite, and  the daughter of  the Hittite:

 Which were a grief of mind unto  and to .
