King James Version: Genesis: Genesis Chapter
King James Version: Genesis Chapter
And it came to pass after these things, that the  of the  of  and his baker had offended their lord the  of .

 And  was wroth against two of his officers, against the chief of the butlers, and against the chief of the bakers.

 And he put them in  in the house of the captain of the , into the , the place where  was bound.

 And the captain of the  charged  with them, and he served them: and they continued a season in .

 And they dreamed a  both of them, each man his  in one night, each man according to the interpretation of his , the  and the baker of the  of , which were bound in the .

 And  came in unto them in the morning, and looked upon them, and, behold, they were sad.

 And he asked Pharaoh's officers that were with him in the  of his lord's house, saying, Wherefore look ye so sadly to day?

 And they said unto him, We have dreamed a , and there is no interpreter of it. And  said unto them, Do not interpretations belong to God? tell me them, I pray you.

 And the chief  told his  to , and said to him, In my , behold, a  was before me;

 And in the  were three branches: and it was as though it budded, and her blossoms shot forth; and the clusters thereof brought forth ripe grapes:

 And Pharaoh's  was in my hand: and I took the grapes, and pressed them into Pharaoh's , and I gave the  into Pharaoh's hand.

 And  said unto him, This is the interpretation of it: The three branches are three days:

 Yet within three days shall  lift up thine head, and restore thee unto thy place: and thou shalt deliver Pharaoh's  into his hand, after the former manner when thou wast his .

 But think on me when it shall be well with thee, and shew kindness, I pray thee, unto me, and make mention of me unto , and bring me out of this house:

 For indeed I was stolen away out of the land of the : and here also have I done nothing that they should put me into the .

 When the chief baker saw that the interpretation was good, he said unto , I also was in my , and, behold, I had three white baskets on my head:

 And in the uppermost  there was of all manner of bakemeats for ; and the birds did eat them out of the  upon my head.

 And  answered and said, This is the interpretation thereof: The three baskets are three days:

 Yet within three days shall  lift up thy head from off thee, and shall hang thee on a tree; and the birds shall eat thy  from off thee.

 And it came to pass the third day, which was Pharaoh's birthday, that he made a  unto all his servants: and he lifted up the head of the chief  and of the chief baker among his servants.

 And he restored the chief  unto his butlership again; and he gave the  into Pharaoh's hand:

 But he hanged the chief baker: as  had interpreted to them.

 Yet did not the chief  remember , but forgat him.
