King James Version: Genesis: Genesis Chapter
King James Version: Genesis Chapter
In the beginning God created the  and the earth.

 And the earth was without form, and void; and  was upon the face of the . And the  of God moved upon the face of the waters.

 And God said, Let there be light: and there was light.

 And God saw the light, that it was good: and God divided the light from the .

 And God called the light Day, and the  he called Night. And the evening and the morning were the first day.

 And God said, Let there be a  in the midst of the waters, and let it divide the waters from the waters.

 And God made the , and divided the waters which were under the  from the waters which were above the : and it was so.

 And God called the  . And the evening and the morning were the second day.

 And God said, Let the waters under the  be gathered together unto one place, and let the dry land appear: and it was so.

 And God called the dry land Earth; and the gathering together of the waters called he Seas: and God saw that it was good.

 And God said, Let the earth bring forth , the  yielding seed, and the  tree yielding  after his kind, whose seed is in itself, upon the earth: and it was so.

 And the earth brought forth , and  yielding seed after his kind, and the tree yielding , whose seed was in itself, after his kind: and God saw that it was good.

 And the evening and the morning were the third day.

 And God said, Let there be lights in the  of the  to divide the day from the night; and let them be for signs, and for , and for days, and years:

 And let them be for lights in the  of the  to give light upon the earth: and it was so.

 And God made two great lights; the greater light to rule the day, and the lesser light to rule the night: he made the  also.

 And God set them in the  of the  to give light upon the earth,

 And to rule over the day and over the night, and to divide the light from the : and God saw that it was good.

 And the evening and the morning were the fourth day.

 And God said, Let the waters bring forth abundantly the moving  that hath life, and fowl that may  above the earth in the open  of .

 And God created great whales, and every living  that moveth, which the waters brought forth abundantly, after their kind, and every winged fowl after his kind: and God saw that it was good.

 And God blessed them, saying, Be fruitful, and multiply, and fill the waters in the seas, and let fowl multiply in the earth.

 And the evening and the morning were the fifth day.

 And God said, Let the earth bring forth the living  after his kind, , and creeping thing, and  of the earth after his kind: and it was so.

 And God made the  of the earth after his kind, and  after their kind, and every thing that creepeth upon the earth after his kind: and God saw that it was good.

 And God said, Let us make man in our image, after our likeness: and let them have dominion over the  of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over the , and over all the earth, and over every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth.

 So God created man in his own image, in the image of God created he him; male and female created he them.

 And God blessed them, and God said unto them, Be fruitful, and multiply, and replenish the earth, and subdue it: and have dominion over the  of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over every living thing that moveth upon the earth.

 And God said, Behold, I have given you every  bearing seed, which is upon the face of all the earth, and every tree, in the which is the  of a tree yielding seed; to you it shall be for meat.

 And to every  of the earth, and to every fowl of the air, and to every thing that creepeth upon the earth, wherein there is life, I have given every green  for meat: and it was so.

 And God saw every thing that he had made, and, behold, it was very good. And the evening and the morning were the sixth day.
