King James Version: Genesis: Genesis Chapter
King James Version: Genesis Chapter
And it came to pass after these things, that one told , Behold, thy father is sick: and he took with him his two sons,  and .

 And one told , and said, Behold, thy son  cometh unto thee: and  strengthened himself, and sat upon the bed.

 And  said unto , God Almighty appeared unto me at  in the land of , and blessed me,

 And said unto me, Behold, I will make thee fruitful, and multiply thee, and I will make of thee a multitude of people; and will give this land to thy seed after thee for an  possession.

 And now thy two sons,  and , which were born unto thee in the land of  before I came unto thee into , are mine; as  and , they shall be mine.

 And thy issue, which thou begettest after them, shall be thine, and shall be called after the name of their brethren in their inheritance.

 And as for me, when I came from ,  died by me in the land of  in the way, when yet there was but a little way to come unto Ephrath: and I buried her there in the way of Ephrath; the same is .

 And  beheld Joseph's sons, and said, Who are these?

 And  said unto his father, They are my sons, whom God hath given me in this place. And he said, Bring them, I pray thee, unto me, and I will  them.

 Now the eyes of  were dim for age, so that he could not see. And he brought them near unto him; and he kissed them, and embraced them.

 And  said unto , I had not thought to see thy face: and, lo, God hath shewed me also thy seed.

 And  brought them out from between his knees, and he bowed himself with his face to the earth.

 And  took them both,  in his right hand toward Israel's left hand, and  in his left hand toward Israel's right hand, and brought them near unto him.

 And  stretched out his right hand, and laid it upon Ephraim's head, who was the younger, and his left hand upon Manasseh's head, guiding his hands wittingly; for  was the firstborn.

 And he blessed , and said, God, before whom my fathers  and  did walk, the God which fed me all my life long unto this day,

 The  which redeemed me from all evil,  the lads; and let my name be named on them, and the name of my fathers  and ; and let them grow into a multitude in the midst of the earth.

 And when  saw that his father laid his right hand upon the head of , it displeased him: and he held up his father's hand, to remove it from Ephraim's head unto Manasseh's head.

 And  said unto his father, Not so, my father: for this is the firstborn; put thy right hand upon his head.

 And his father refused, and said, I know it, my son, I know it: he also shall become a people, and he also shall be great: but truly his younger brother shall be greater than he, and his seed shall become a multitude of nations.

 And he blessed them that day, saying, In thee shall  , saying, God make thee as  and as : and he set  before .

 And  said unto , Behold, I die: but God shall be with you, and bring you again unto the land of your fathers.

 Moreover I have given to thee one portion above thy brethren, which I took out of the hand of the Amorite with my  and with my .
