King James Version: Genesis: Genesis Chapter
King James Version: Genesis Chapter
And  was an hundred and  and twenty years old: these were the years of the life of .

 And  died in Kirjatharba; the same is  in the land of : and  came to  for , and to weep for her.

 And  stood up from before his dead, and spake unto the sons of , saying,

 I am a  and a sojourner with you: give me a possession of a buryingplace with you, that I may bury my dead out of my sight.

 And the children of  answered , saying unto him,

 Hear us, my lord: thou art a mighty  among us: in the choice of our sepulchres bury thy dead; none of us shall withhold from thee his , but that thou mayest bury thy dead.

 And  stood up, and bowed himself to the people of the land, even to the children of .

 And he communed with them, saying, If it be your mind that I should bury my dead out of my sight; hear me, and intreat for me to  the son of ,

 That he may give me the  of , which he hath, which is in the end of his field; for as much money as it is worth he shall give it me for a possession of a buryingplace amongst you.

 And  dwelt among the children of : and  the Hittite answered  in the audience of the children of , even of all that went in at the  of his city, saying,

 Nay, my lord, hear me: the field give I thee, and the  that is therein, I give it thee; in the presence of the sons of my people give I it thee: bury thy dead.

 And  bowed down himself before the people of the land.

 And he spake unto  in the audience of the people of the land, saying, But if thou wilt give it, I pray thee, hear me: I will give thee money for the field; take it of me, and I will bury my dead there.

 And  answered , saying unto him,

 My lord, hearken unto me: the land is worth four hundred shekels of ; what is that betwixt me and thee? bury therefore thy dead.

 And  hearkened unto ; and  weighed to  the , which he had named in the audience of the sons of , four hundred shekels of , current money with the .

 And the field of  which was in , which was before , the field, and the  which was therein, and all the trees that were in the field, that were in all the borders round about, were made sure

 Unto  for a possession in the presence of the children of , before all that went in at the  of his city.

 And after this,  buried  his wife in the  of the field of  before : the same is  in the land of .

 And the field, and the  that is therein, were made sure unto  for a possession of a buryingplace by the sons of .
