King James Version: Genesis: Genesis Chapter
King James Version: Genesis Chapter
Then again  took a wife, and her name was .

 And she bare him , and , and , and , and , and .

 And  begat , and . And the sons of  were Asshurim, and Letushim, and .

 And the sons of ; , and , and Hanoch, and Abidah, and Eldaah. All these were the children of .

 And  gave all that he had unto .

 But unto the sons of the concubines, which  had,  gave gifts, and sent them away from  his son, while he yet lived, eastward, unto the  country.

 And these are the days of the years of Abraham's life which he lived, an hundred threescore and fifteen years.

 Then  gave up the , and died in a good old age, an old man, and full of years; and was gathered to his people.

 And his sons  and  buried him in the  of , in the field of  the son of  the Hittite, which is before ;

 The field which  purchased of the sons of : there was  buried, and  his wife.

 And it came to pass after the death of , that God blessed his son ; and  dwelt by the well Lahairoi.

 Now these are the generations of , Abraham's son, whom  the Egyptian, Sarah's , bare unto :

 And these are the names of the sons of , by their names, according to their generations: the firstborn of , Nebajoth; and , and , and ,

 And , and , and ,

 , and , , , and :

 These are the sons of , and these are their names, by their towns, and by their castles; twelve princes according to their nations.

 And these are the years of the life of , an hundred and thirty and  years: and he gave up the  and died; and was gathered unto his people.

 And they dwelt from  unto , that is before , as thou goest toward : and he died in the presence of all his brethren.

 And these are the generations of , Abraham's son:  begat :

 And  was forty years old when he took  to wife, the daughter of  the Syrian of Padanaram, the sister to  the Syrian.

 And  intreated the LORD for his wife, because she was : and the LORD was intreated of him, and  his wife conceived.

 And the children struggled together within her; and she said, If it be so, why am I thus? And she went to enquire of the LORD.

 And the LORD said unto her, Two nations are in thy womb, and two manner of people shall be separated from thy ; and the one people shall be stronger than the other people; and the  shall serve the younger.

 And when her days to be delivered were fulfilled, behold, there were twins in her womb.

 And the first came out red, all over like an hairy garment; and they called his name .

 And after that came his brother out, and his hand took hold on Esau's heel; and his name was called : and  was threescore years old when she bare them.

 And the boys grew: and  was a cunning hunter, a man of the field; and  was a  man, dwelling in tents.

 And  loved , because he did eat of his venison: but  loved .

 And  sod : and  came from the field, and he was faint:

 And  said to , Feed me, I pray thee, with that same red ; for I am faint: therefore was his name called .

 And  said, Sell me this day thy .

 And  said, Behold, I am at the point to die: and what profit shall this  do to me?

 And  said, Swear to me this day; and he sware unto him: and he sold his  unto .

 Then  gave   and  of ; and he did eat and , and rose up, and went his way: thus  despised his .
