King James Version: Genesis: Genesis Chapter
King James Version: Genesis Chapter
Now the  was more subtil than any  of the field which the LORD God had made. And he said unto the woman, Yea, hath God said, Ye shall not eat of every tree of the garden?

 And the woman said unto the , We may eat of the  of the trees of the garden:

 But of the  of the tree which is in the midst of the garden, God hath said, Ye shall not eat of it, neither shall ye touch it, lest ye die.

 And the  said unto the woman, Ye shall not surely die:

 For God doth know that in the day ye eat thereof, then your eyes shall be opened, and ye shall be as gods, knowing good and evil.

 And when the woman saw that the tree was good for food, and that it was pleasant to the eyes, and a tree to be desired to make one , she took of the  thereof, and did eat, and gave also unto her husband with her; and he did eat.

 And the eyes of them both were opened, and they knew that they were ; and they sewed  leaves together, and made themselves aprons.

 And they heard the voice of the LORD God walking in the garden in the cool of the day: and  and his wife hid themselves from the presence of the LORD God amongst the trees of the garden.

 And the LORD God called unto , and said unto him, Where art thou?

 And he said, I heard thy voice in the garden, and I was afraid, because I was ; and I hid myself.

 And he said, Who told thee that thou wast ? Hast thou eaten of the tree, whereof I commanded thee that thou shouldest not eat?

 And the man said, The woman whom thou gavest to be with me, she gave me of the tree, and I did eat.

 And the LORD God said unto the woman, What is this that thou hast done? And the woman said, The  beguiled me, and I did eat.

 And the LORD God said unto the , Because thou hast done this, thou art cursed above all , and above every  of the field; upon thy  shalt thou go, and  shalt thou eat all the days of thy life:

 And I will put  between thee and the woman, and between thy seed and her seed; it shall bruise thy head, and thou shalt bruise his heel.

 Unto the woman he said, I will greatly multiply thy sorrow and thy conception; in sorrow thou shalt bring forth children; and thy desire shall be to thy husband, and he shall rule over thee.

 And unto  he said, Because thou hast hearkened unto the voice of thy wife, and hast eaten of the tree, of which I commanded thee, saying, Thou shalt not eat of it: cursed is the ground for thy sake; in sorrow shalt thou eat of it all the days of thy life;

 Thorns also and thistles shall it bring forth to thee; and thou shalt eat the  of the field;

 In the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat , till thou return unto the ground; for out of it wast thou taken: for  thou art, and unto  shalt thou return.

 And  called his wife's name ; because she was the mother of all living.

 Unto  also and to his wife did the LORD God make coats of skins, and clothed them.

 And the LORD God said, Behold, the man is become as one of us, to know good and evil: and now, lest he put forth his hand, and take also of the tree of life, and eat, and live for ever:

 Therefore the LORD God sent him forth from the garden of , to till the ground from whence he was taken.

 So he drove out the man; and he placed at the  of the garden of  Cherubims, and a flaming  which turned every way, to keep the way of the tree of life.
