King James Version: Genesis: Genesis Chapter
King James Version: Genesis Chapter
And it came to pass, that when  was old, and his eyes were dim, so that he could not see, he called  his eldest son, and said unto him, My son: and he said unto him, Behold, here am I.

 And he said, Behold now, I am old, I know not the day of my death:

 Now therefore take, I pray thee, thy weapons, thy  and thy , and go out to the field, and take me some venison;

 And make me savoury meat, such as I love, and bring it to me, that I may eat; that my soul may  thee before I die.

 And  heard when  spake to  his son. And  went to the field to hunt for venison, and to bring it.

 And  spake unto  her son, saying, Behold, I heard thy father speak unto  thy brother, saying,

 Bring me venison, and make me savoury meat, that I may eat, and  thee before the LORD before my death.

 Now therefore, my son, obey my voice according to that which I command thee.

 Go now to the flock, and fetch me from thence two good kids of the goats; and I will make them savoury meat for thy father, such as he loveth:

 And thou shalt bring it to thy father, that he may eat, and that he may  thee before his death.

 And  said to  his mother, Behold,  my brother is a hairy man, and I am a smooth man:

 My father peradventure will feel me, and I shall seem to him as a deceiver; and I shall bring a  upon me, and not a blessing.

 And his mother said unto him, Upon me be thy , my son: only obey my voice, and go fetch me them.

 And he went, and fetched, and brought them to his mother: and his mother made savoury meat, such as his father loved.

 And  took goodly raiment of her eldest son , which were with her in the house, and put them upon  her younger son:

 And she put the skins of the kids of the goats upon his hands, and upon the smooth of his :

 And she gave the savoury meat and the , which she had prepared, into the hand of her son .

 And he came unto his father, and said, My father: and he said, Here am I; who art thou, my son?

 And  said unto his father, I am  thy first born; I have done according as thou badest me: arise, I pray thee, sit and eat of my venison, that thy soul may  me.

 And  said unto his son, How is it that thou hast found it so quickly, my son? And he said, Because the LORD thy God brought it to me.

 And  said unto , Come near, I pray thee, that I may feel thee, my son, whether thou be my very son  or not.

 And  went near unto  his father; and he felt him, and said, The voice is Jacob's voice, but the hands are the hands of .

 And he discerned him not, because his hands were hairy, as his brother Esau's hands: so he blessed him.

 And he said, Art thou my very son ? And he said, I am.

 And he said, Bring it near to me, and I will eat of my son's venison, that my soul may  thee. And he brought it near to him, and he did eat: and he brought him  and he drank.

 And his father  said unto him, Come near now, and  me, my son.

 And he came near, and kissed him: and he smelled the smell of his raiment, and blessed him, and said, See, the smell of my son is as the smell of a field which the LORD hath blessed:

 Therefore God give thee of the  of , and the fatness of the earth, and plenty of  and :

 Let people serve thee, and nations  down to thee: be lord over thy brethren, and let thy mother's sons  down to thee: cursed be every one that curseth thee, and blessed be he that blesseth thee.

 And it came to pass, as soon as  had made an end of blessing , and  was yet scarce gone out from the presence of  his father, that  his brother came in from his .

 And he also had made savoury meat, and brought it unto his father, and said unto his father, Let my father arise, and eat of his son's venison, that thy soul may  me.

 And  his father said unto him, Who art thou? And he said, I am thy son, thy firstborn .

 And  trembled very exceedingly, and said, Who? where is he that hath taken venison, and brought it me, and I have eaten of all before thou camest, and have blessed him? yea, and he shall be blessed.

 And when  heard the words of his father, he cried with a great and exceeding  cry, and said unto his father,  me, even me also, O my father.

 And he said, Thy brother came with subtilty, and hath taken away thy blessing.

 And he said, Is not he rightly named ? for he hath supplanted me these two times: he took away my ; and, behold, now he hath taken away my blessing. And he said, Hast thou not reserved a blessing for me?

 And  answered and said unto , Behold, I have made him thy lord, and all his brethren have I given to him for servants; and with  and  have I sustained him: and what shall I do now unto thee, my son?

 And  said unto his father, Hast thou but one blessing, my father?  me, even me also, O my father. And  lifted up his voice, and wept.

 And  his father answered and said unto him, Behold, thy dwelling shall be the fatness of the earth, and of the  of  from above;

 And by thy  shalt thou live, and shalt serve thy brother; and it shall come to pass when thou shalt have the dominion, that thou shalt break his  from off thy .

 And  hated  because of the blessing wherewith his father blessed him: and  said in his heart, The days of mourning for my father are at hand; then will I slay my brother .

 And these words of  her  son were told to : and she sent and called  her younger son, and said unto him, Behold, thy brother , as touching thee, doth comfort himself, purposing to kill thee.

 Now therefore, my son, obey my voice; arise, flee thou to  my brother to ;

 And tarry with him a few days, until thy brother's  turn away;

 Until thy brother's  turn away from thee, and he forget that which thou hast done to him: then I will send, and fetch thee from thence: why should I be deprived also of you both in one day?

 And  said to , I am weary of my life because of the daughters of : if  take a wife of the daughters of , such as these which are of the daughters of the land, what good shall my life do me?
