King James Version: Genesis: Genesis Chapter
King James Version: Genesis Chapter
And  went on his way, and the angels of God met him.

 And when  saw them, he said, This is God's : and he called the name of that place .

 And  sent messengers before him to  his brother unto the land of , the country of .

 And he commanded them, saying, Thus shall ye speak unto my lord ; Thy servant  saith thus, I have sojourned with , and stayed there until now:

 And I have oxen, and asses, flocks, and menservants, and womenservants: and I have sent to tell my lord, that I may find  in thy sight.

 And the messengers returned to , saying, We came to thy brother , and also he cometh to meet thee, and four hundred men with him.

 Then  was greatly afraid and distressed: and he divided the people that was with him, and the flocks, and herds, and the camels, into two ;

 And said, If  come to the one company, and smite it, then the other company which is left shall escape.

 And  said, O God of my father , and God of my father , the LORD which saidst unto me, Return unto thy country, and to thy kindred, and I will deal well with thee:

 I am not worthy of the least of all the mercies, and of all the truth, which thou hast shewed unto thy servant; for with my staff I passed over this ; and now I am become two .

 Deliver me, I pray thee, from the hand of my brother, from the hand of : for I fear him, lest he will come and smite me, and the mother with the children.

 And thou saidst, I will surely do thee good, and make thy seed as the sand of the sea, which cannot be numbered for multitude.

 And he lodged there that same night; and took of that which came to his hand a present for  his brother;

 Two hundred she goats, and twenty he goats, two hundred ewes, and twenty rams,

 Thirty milch camels with their colts, forty , and ten bulls, twenty she asses, and ten foals.

 And he delivered them into the hand of his servants, every drove by themselves; and said unto his servants, Pass over before me, and put a space betwixt drove and drove.

 And he commanded the foremost, saying, When  my brother meeteth thee, and asketh thee, saying, Whose art thou? and whither goest thou? and whose are these before thee?

 Then thou shalt say, They be thy servant Jacob's; it is a present sent unto my lord : and, behold, also he is behind us.

 And so commanded he the second, and the third, and all that followed the droves, saying, On this manner shall ye speak unto , when ye find him.

 And say ye moreover, Behold, thy servant  is behind us. For he said, I will appease him with the present that goeth before me, and afterward I will see his face; peradventure he will accept of me.

 So went the present over before him: and himself lodged that night in the company.

 And he rose up that night, and took his two wives, and his two womenservants, and his eleven sons, and passed over the  .

 And he took them, and sent them over the , and sent over that he had.

 And  was left alone; and there wrestled a man with him until the breaking of the day.

 And when he saw that he prevailed not against him, he touched the hollow of his thigh; and the hollow of Jacob's thigh was out of joint, as he wrestled with him.

 And he said, Let me go, for the day breaketh. And he said, I will not let thee go, except thou  me.

 And he said unto him, What is thy name? And he said, .

 And he said, Thy name shall be called no more , but : for as a  hast thou power with God and with men, and hast prevailed.

 And  asked him, and said, Tell me, I pray thee, thy name. And he said, Wherefore is it that thou dost ask after my name? And he blessed him there.

 And  called the name of the place Peniel: for I have seen God face to face, and my life is preserved.

 And as he passed over  the  rose upon him, and he halted upon his thigh.

 Therefore the children of  eat not of the sinew which shrank, which is upon the hollow of the thigh, unto this day: because he touched the hollow of Jacob's thigh in the sinew that shrank.
