King James Version: Genesis: Genesis Chapter
King James Version: Genesis Chapter
Then  went on his , and came into the land of the people of the .

 And he looked, and behold a well in the field, and, lo, there were three flocks of  lying by it; for out of that well they watered the flocks: and a great  was upon the well's mouth.

 And thither were all the flocks gathered: and they rolled the  from the well's mouth, and watered the , and put the  again upon the well's mouth in his place.

 And  said unto them, My brethren, whence be ye? And they said, Of  are we.

 And he said unto them, Know ye  the son of ? And they said, We know him.

 And he said unto them, Is he well? And they said, He is well: and, behold,  his daughter cometh with the .

 And he said, Lo, it is yet high day, neither is it time that the  should be gathered together: water ye the , and go and feed them.

 And they said, We cannot, until all the flocks be gathered together, and till they  the  from the well's mouth; then we water the .

 And while he yet spake with them,  came with her father's ; for she kept them.

 And it came to pass, when  saw  the daughter of  his mother's brother, and the  of  his mother's brother, that  went near, and rolled the  from the well's mouth, and watered the flock of  his mother's brother.

 And  kissed , and lifted up his voice, and wept.

 And  told  that he was her father's brother, and that he was Rebekah's son: and she ran and told her father.

 And it came to pass, when  heard the tidings of  his sister's son, that he ran to meet him, and embraced him, and kissed him, and brought him to his house. And he told  all these things.

 And  said to him, Surely thou art my bone and my . And he abode with him the space of a month.

 And  said unto , Because thou art my brother, shouldest thou therefore serve me for nought? tell me, what shall thy  be?

 And  had two daughters: the name of the  was , and the name of the younger was .

  was tender eyed; but  was beautiful and well favoured.

 And  loved ; and said, I will serve thee  years for  thy younger daughter.

 And  said, It is better that I give her to thee, than that I should give her to another man: abide with me.

 And  served  years for ; and they seemed unto him but a few days, for the love he had to her.

 And  said unto , Give me my wife, for my days are fulfilled, that I may go in unto her.

 And  gathered together all the men of the place, and made a .

 And it came to pass in the evening, that he took  his daughter, and brought her to him; and he went in unto her.

 And  gave unto his daughter   his maid for an .

 And it came to pass, that in the morning, behold, it was : and he said to , What is this thou hast done unto me? did not I serve with thee for ? wherefore then hast thou beguiled me?

 And  said, It must not be so done in our country, to give the younger before the firstborn.

 Fulfil her week, and we will give thee this also for the service which thou shalt serve with me yet  other years.

 And  did so, and fulfilled her week: and he gave him  his daughter to wife also.

 And  gave to  his daughter  his  to be her maid.

 And he went in also unto , and he loved also  more than , and served with him yet  other years.

 And when the LORD saw that  was hated, he opened her womb: but  was .

 And  conceived, and bare a son, and she called his name : for she said, Surely the LORD hath looked upon my affliction; now therefore my husband will love me.

 And she conceived again, and bare a son; and said, Because the LORD hath heard I was hated, he hath therefore given me this son also: and she called his name .

 And she conceived again, and bare a son; and said, Now this time will my husband be joined unto me, because I have born him three sons: therefore was his name called .

 And she conceived again, and bare a son: and she said, Now will I praise the LORD: therefore she called his name ; and left bearing.
