King James Version: Genesis: Genesis Chapter
King James Version: Genesis Chapter
And  called unto his sons, and said, Gather yourselves together, that I may tell you that which shall befall you in the last days.

 Gather yourselves together, and hear, ye sons of ; and hearken unto  your father.

 , thou art my firstborn, my might, and the beginning of my strength, the excellency of dignity, and the excellency of power:

 Unstable as water, thou shalt not excel; because thou wentest up to thy father's bed; then defiledst thou it: he went up to my .

  and  are brethren; instruments of cruelty are in their habitations.

 O my soul, come not thou into their secret; unto their assembly, mine honour, be not thou united: for in their  they slew a man, and in their selfwill they digged down a wall.

 Cursed be their , for it was fierce; and their wrath, for it was cruel: I will divide them in , and scatter them in .

 , thou art he whom thy brethren shall praise: thy hand shall be in the  of thine enemies; thy father's children shall  down before thee.

  is a lion's whelp: from the prey, my son, thou art gone up: he stooped down, he couched as a lion, and as an old lion; who shall rouse him up?

 The  shall not depart from , nor a lawgiver from between his feet, until  come; and unto him shall the gathering of the people be.

 Binding his foal unto the , and his ass's colt unto the choice ; he washed his garments in , and his clothes in the  of grapes:

 His eyes shall be red with , and his teeth white with .

  shall dwell at the  of the sea; and he shall be for an  of ; and his border shall be unto .

  is a strong  couching down between two burdens:

 And he saw that rest was good, and the land that it was pleasant; and bowed his shoulder to bear, and became a servant unto .

  shall  his people, as one of the tribes of .

  shall be a  by the way, an  in the path, that biteth the horse heels, so that his rider shall fall backward.

 I have waited for thy , O LORD.

 , a troop shall overcome him: but he shall overcome at the last.

 Out of  his  shall be , and he shall yield royal dainties.

  is a  let loose: he giveth goodly words.

  is a fruitful bough, even a fruitful bough by a well; whose branches run over the wall:

 The archers have sorely grieved him, and shot at him, and hated him:

 But his  abode in strength, and the arms of his hands were made strong by the hands of the mighty God of ; (from thence is the , the  of :)

 Even by the God of thy father, who shall help thee; and by the Almighty, who shall  thee with blessings of  above, blessings of the  that lieth under, blessings of the breasts, and of the womb:

 The blessings of thy father have prevailed above the blessings of my progenitors unto the utmost bound of the  hills: they shall be on the head of , and on the  of the head of him that was separate from his brethren.

  shall ravin as a : in the morning he shall devour the prey, and at night he shall divide the spoil.

 All these are the twelve tribes of : and this is it that their father spake unto them, and blessed them; every one according to his blessing he blessed them.

 And he charged them, and said unto them, I am to be gathered unto my people: bury me with my fathers in the  that is in the field of  the Hittite,

 In the  that is in the field of , which is before , in the land of , which  bought with the field of  the Hittite for a possession of a buryingplace.

 There they buried  and  his wife; there they buried  and  his wife; and there I buried .

 The purchase of the field and of the  that is therein was from the children of .

 And when  had made an end of commanding his sons, he gathered up his feet into the bed, and yielded up the , and was gathered unto his people.
