King James Version: Genesis: Genesis Chapter
King James Version: Genesis Chapter
And  went up out of , he, and his wife, and all that he had, and Lot with him, into the south.

 And  was very rich in , in , and in .

 And he went on his journeys from the south even to , unto the place where his  had been at the beginning, between  and Hai;

 Unto the place of the , which he had make there at the first: and there  called on the name of the LORD.

 And Lot also, which went with , had flocks, and herds, and tents.

 And the land was not able to bear them, that they might dwell together: for their substance was great, so that they could not dwell together.

 And there was a strife between the herdmen of Abram's  and the herdmen of Lot's : and the  and the Perizzite dwelled then in the land.

 And  said unto Lot, Let there be no strife, I pray thee, between me and thee, and between my herdmen and thy herdmen; for we be brethren.

 Is not the whole land before thee? separate thyself, I pray thee, from me: if thou wilt take the left hand, then I will go to the right; or if thou depart to the right hand, then I will go to the left.

 And Lot lifted up his eyes, and beheld all the  of , that it was well watered every where, before the LORD destroyed  and , even as the garden of the LORD, like the land of , as thou comest unto .

 Then Lot chose him all the  of ; and Lot journeyed : and they separated themselves the one from the other.

  dwelled in the land of , and Lot dwelled in the cities of the , and pitched his  toward .

 But the men of  were wicked and sinners before the LORD exceedingly.

 And the LORD said unto , after that Lot was separated from him, Lift up now thine eyes, and look from the place where thou art , and southward, and eastward, and :

 For all the land which thou seest, to thee will I give it, and to thy seed for ever.

 And I will make thy seed as the  of the earth: so that if a man can number the  of the earth, then shall thy seed also be numbered.

 Arise, walk through the land in the length of it and in the breadth of it; for I will give it unto thee.

 Then  removed his , and came and dwelt in the  of , which is in , and built there an  unto the LORD.
