King James Version: Genesis: Genesis Chapter
King James Version: Genesis Chapter
Now these are the generations of , who is .

  took his wives of the daughters of ;  the daughter of  the Hittite, and  the daughter of  the daughter of  the Hivite;

 And  Ishmael's daughter, sister of Nebajoth.

 And  bare to  ; and  bare ;

 And  bare , and , and : these are the sons of , which were born unto him in the land of .

 And  took his wives, and his sons, and his daughters, and all the persons of his house, and his , and all his beasts, and all his substance, which he had got in the land of ; and went into the country from the face of his brother .

 For their riches were more than that they might dwell together; and the land wherein they were strangers could not bear them because of their .

 Thus dwelt  in  :  is .

 And these are the generations of  the father of the Edomites in  :

 These are the names of Esau's sons;  the son of  the wife of ,  the son of  the wife of .

 And the sons of  were , , Zepho, and Gatam, and .

 And Timna was  to  Esau's son; and she bare to  : these were the sons of  Esau's wife.

 And these are the sons of ; , and , , and : these were the sons of  Esau's wife.

 And these were the sons of , the daughter of  the daughter of , Esau's wife: and she bare to  , and , and .

 These were dukes of the sons of : the sons of  the firstborn son of ;  ,  ,  Zepho,  ,

  ,  Gatam, and  : these are the dukes that came of  in the land of ; these were the sons of .

 And these are the sons of  Esau's son;  ,  ,  ,  : these are the dukes that came of  in the land of ; these are the sons of  Esau's wife.

 And these are the sons of  Esau's wife;  ,  ,  : these were the dukes that came of  the daughter of , Esau's wife.

 These are the sons of , who is , and these are their dukes.

 These are the sons of  the Horite, who inhabited the land; , and , and , and ,

 And Dishon, and , and : these are the dukes of the , the children of  in the land of .

 And the children of  were Hori and Hemam; and Lotan's sister was Timna.

 And the children of  were these; Alvan, and Manahath, and , Shepho, and Onam.

 And these are the children of ; both Ajah, and : this was that  that found the mules in the , as he fed the asses of  his father.

 And the children of  were these; Dishon, and  the daughter of .

 And these are the children of Dishon; Hemdan, and Eshban, and Ithran, and Cheran.

 The children of  are these; Bilhan, and , and Akan.

 The children of  are these; , and .

 These are the dukes that came of the ;  ,  ,  ,  ,

  Dishon,  ,  : these are the dukes that came of Hori, among their dukes in the land of .

 And these are the kings that reigned in the land of , before there reigned any  over the children of .

 And  the son of  reigned in : and the name of his city was .

 And  died, and  the son of  of  reigned in his stead.

 And  died, and Husham of the land of Temani reigned in his stead.

 And Husham died, and  the son of Bedad, who smote  in the field of , reigned in his stead: and the name of his city was Avith.

 And  died, and Samlah of  reigned in his stead.

 And Samlah died, and  of  by the river reigned in his stead.

 And  died, and Baalhanan the son of  reigned in his stead.

 And Baalhanan the son of  died, and  reigned in his stead: and the name of his city was ; and his wife's name was , the daughter of Matred, the daughter of .

 And these are the names of the dukes that came of , according to their families, after their places, by their names;  ,  Alvah,  ,

  ,  ,  Pinon,

  ,  ,  ,

  Magdiel,  : these be the dukes of , according to their habitations in the land of their possession: he is  the father of the Edomites.
