King James Version: Genesis: Genesis Chapter
King James Version: Genesis Chapter
Then  came and told , and said, My father and my brethren, and their flocks, and their herds, and all that they have, are come out of the land of ; and, behold, they are in the land of .

 And he took some of his brethren, even five men, and presented them unto .

 And  said unto his brethren, What is your occupation? And they said unto , Thy servants are shepherds, both we, and also our fathers.

 They said morever unto , For to sojourn in the land are we come; for thy servants have no pasture for their flocks; for the  is sore in the land of : now therefore, we pray thee, let thy servants dwell in the land of .

 And  spake unto , saying, Thy father and thy brethren are come unto thee:

 The land of  is before thee; in the best of the land make thy father and brethren to dwell; in the land of  let them dwell: and if thou knowest any men of activity among them, then make them rulers over my .

 And  brought in  his father, and set him before : and  blessed .

 And  said unto , How old art thou?

 And  said unto , The days of the years of my pilgrimage are an hundred and thirty years: few and evil have the days of the years of my life been, and have not attained unto the days of the years of the life of my fathers in the days of their pilgrimage.

 And  blessed , and went out from before .

 And  placed his father and his brethren, and gave them a possession in the land of , in the best of the land, in the land of , as  had commanded.

 And  nourished his father, and his brethren, and all his father's household, with , according to their families.

 And there was no  in all the land; for the  was very sore, so that the land of  and all the land of  fainted by reason of the .

 And  gathered up all the money that was found in the land of , and in the land of , for the  which they bought: and  brought the money into Pharaoh's house.

 And when money failed in the land of , and in the land of , all the Egyptians came unto , and said, Give us : for why should we die in thy presence? for the money faileth.

 And  said, Give your ; and I will give you for your , if money fail.

 And they brought their  unto : and  gave them  in exchange for horses, and for the flocks, and for the  of the herds, and for the asses: and he fed them with  for all their  for that year.

 When that year was ended, they came unto him the second year, and said unto him, We will not hide it from my lord, how that our money is spent; my lord also hath our herds of ; there is not ought left in the sight of my lord, but our bodies, and our lands:

 Wherefore shall we die before thine eyes, both we and our land? buy us and our land for , and we and our land will be servants unto : and give us seed, that we may live, and not die, that the land be not desolate.

 And  bought all the land of  for ; for the Egyptians sold every man his field, because the  prevailed over them: so the land became Pharaoh's.

 And as for the people, he removed them to cities from one end of the borders of  even to the other end thereof.

 Only the land of the priests bought he not; for the priests had a portion assigned them of , and did eat their portion which  gave them: wherefore they sold not their lands.

 Then  said unto the people, Behold, I have bought you this day and your land for : lo, here is seed for you, and ye shall sow the land.

 And it shall come to pass in the increase, that ye shall give the fifth part unto , and four parts shall be your own, for seed of the field, and for your food, and for them of your households, and for food for your little ones.

 And they said, Thou hast saved our lives: let us find  in the sight of my lord, and we will be Pharaoh's servants.

 And  made it a law over the land of  unto this day, that  should have the fifth part, except the land of the priests only, which became not Pharaoh's.

 And  dwelt in the land of , in the country of ; and they had possessions therein, and grew, and multiplied exceedingly.

 And  lived in the land of  seventeen years: so the whole age of  was an hundred forty and  years.

 And the time drew nigh that  must die: and he called his son , and said unto him, If now I have found  in thy sight, put, I pray thee, thy hand under my thigh, and deal kindly and truly with me; bury me not, I pray thee, in :

 But I will lie with my fathers, and thou shalt carry me out of , and bury me in their buryingplace. And he said, I will do as thou hast said.

 And he said, Swear unto me. And he sware unto him. And  bowed himself upon the bed's head.
