King James Version: Genesis: Genesis Chapter
King James Version: Genesis Chapter
Now  Abram's wife bare him no children: and she had an , an Egyptian, whose name was .

 And  said unto , Behold now, the LORD hath restrained me from bearing: I pray thee, go in unto my maid; it may be that I may obtain children by her. And  hearkened to the voice of .

 And  Abram's wife took  her maid the Egyptian, after  had dwelt ten years in the land of , and gave her to her husband  to be his wife.

 And he went in unto , and she conceived: and when she saw that she had conceived, her mistress was despised in her eyes.

 And  said unto , My wrong be upon thee: I have given my maid into thy ; and when she saw that she had conceived, I was despised in her eyes: the LORD  between me and thee.

 But  said unto , Behold, thy maid is in thine hand; do to her as it pleaseth thee. And when  dealt hardly with her, she fled from her face.

 And the  of the LORD found her by a  of water in the , by the  in the way to .

 And he said, , Sarai's maid, whence camest thou? and whither wilt thou go? And she said, I flee from the face of my mistress .

 And the  of the LORD said unto her, Return to thy mistress, and submit thyself under her hands.

 And the  of the LORD said unto her, I will multiply thy seed exceedingly, that it shall not be numbered for multitude.

 And the  of the LORD said unto her, Behold, thou art with child and shalt bear a son, and shalt call his name ; because the LORD hath heard thy affliction.

 And he will be a wild man; his hand will be against every man, and every man's hand against him; and he shall dwell in the presence of all his brethren.

 And she called the name of the LORD that spake unto her, Thou God seest me: for she said, Have I also here looked after him that seeth me?

 Wherefore the well was called Beerlahairoi; behold, it is between  and .

 And  bare  a son: and  called his son's name, which  bare, .

 And  was fourscore and six years old, when  bare  to .
