King James Version: Genesis: Genesis Chapter
King James Version: Genesis Chapter
And God remembered , and every living thing, and all the  that was with him in the : and God made a wind to pass over the earth, and the waters asswaged;

 The fountains also of the  and the windows of  were stopped, and the  from  was restrained;

 And the waters returned from off the earth continually: and after the end of the hundred and fifty days the waters were abated.

 And the  rested in the seventh month, on the seventeenth day of the month, upon the mountains of .

 And the waters decreased continually until the tenth month: in the tenth month, on the first day of the month, were the tops of the mountains seen.

 And it came to pass at the end of forty days, that  opened the window of the  which he had made:

 And he sent forth a , which went forth to and fro, until the waters were dried up from off the earth.

 Also he sent forth a  from him, to see if the waters were abated from off the face of the ground;

 But the  found no rest for the sole of her foot, and she returned unto him into the , for the waters were on the face of the whole earth: then he put forth his hand, and took her, and pulled her in unto him into the .

 And he stayed yet other  days; and again he sent forth the  out of the ;

 And the  came in to him in the evening; and, lo, in her mouth was an   pluckt off: so  knew that the waters were abated from off the earth.

 And he stayed yet other  days; and sent forth the ; which returned not again unto him any more.

 And it came to pass in the six hundredth and first year, in the first month, the first day of the month, the waters were dried up from off the earth: and  removed the covering of the , and looked, and, behold, the face of the ground was dry.

 And in the second month, on the  and twentieth day of the month, was the earth dried.

 And God spake unto , saying,

 Go forth of the , thou, and thy wife, and thy sons, and thy sons' wives with thee.

 Bring forth with thee every living thing that is with thee, of all , both of fowl, and of , and of every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth; that they may breed abundantly in the earth, and be fruitful, and multiply upon the earth.

 And  went forth, and his sons, and his wife, and his sons' wives with him:

 Every , every creeping thing, and every fowl, and whatsoever creepeth upon the earth, after their kinds, went forth out of the .

 And  builded an  unto the LORD; and took of every  , and of every  fowl, and offered burnt offerings on the .

 And the LORD smelled a sweet savour; and the LORD said in his heart, I will not again  the ground any more for man's sake; for the imagination of man's heart is evil from his youth; neither will I again smite any more every thing living, as I have done.

 While the earth remaineth, seedtime and , and cold and heat, and summer and winter, and day and night shall not cease.
