King James Version: Genesis: Genesis Chapter
King James Version: Genesis Chapter
And  lifted up his eyes, and looked, and, behold,  came, and with him four hundred men. And he divided the children unto , and unto , and unto the two handmaids.

 And he put the handmaids and their children foremost, and  and her children after, and  and  hindermost.

 And he passed over before them, and bowed himself to the ground  times, until he came near to his brother.

 And  ran to meet him, and embraced him, and fell on his , and kissed him: and they wept.

 And he lifted up his eyes, and saw the women and the children; and said, Who are those with thee? And he said, The children which God hath graciously given thy servant.

 Then the handmaidens came near, they and their children, and they bowed themselves.

 And  also with her children came near, and bowed themselves: and after came  near and , and they bowed themselves.

 And he said, What meanest thou by all this drove which I met? And he said, These are to find  in the sight of my lord.

 And  said, I have enough, my brother; keep that thou hast unto thyself.

 And  said, Nay, I pray thee, if now I have found  in thy sight, then receive my present at my hand: for therefore I have seen thy face, as though I had seen the face of God, and thou wast pleased with me.

 Take, I pray thee, my blessing that is brought to thee; because God hath dealt graciously with me, and because I have enough. And he urged him, and he took it.

 And he said, Let us take our , and let us go, and I will go before thee.

 And he said unto him, My lord knoweth that the children are tender, and the flocks and herds with young are with me: and if men should overdrive them one day, all the flock will die.

 Let my lord, I pray thee, pass over before his servant: and I will lead on softly, according as the  that goeth before me and the children be able to endure, until I come unto my lord unto .

 And  said, Let me now leave with thee some of the folk that are with me. And he said, What needeth it? let me find  in the sight of my lord.

 So  returned that day on his way unto .

 And  journeyed to , and built him an house, and made booths for his : therefore the name of the place is called .

 And  came to , a city of , which is in the land of , when he came from Padanaram; and pitched his  before the city.

 And he bought a parcel of a field, where he had spread his , at the hand of the children of , Shechem's father, for an hundred  of money.

 And he erected there an , and called it EleloheIsrael.
