King James Version: Genesis: Genesis Chapter
King James Version: Genesis Chapter
And the LORD said unto , Come thou and all thy house into the ; for thee have I seen righteous before me in this .

 Of every   thou shalt take to thee by sevens, the male and his female: and of beasts that are not  by two, the male and his female.

 Of fowls also of the air by sevens, the male and the female; to keep seed alive upon the face of all the earth.

 For yet  days, and I will cause it to  upon the earth forty days and forty nights; and every living substance that I have made will I destroy from off the face of the earth.

 And  did according unto all that the LORD commanded him.

 And  was six hundred years old when the  of waters was upon the earth.

 And  went in, and his sons, and his wife, and his sons' wives with him, into the , because of the waters of the .

 Of  beasts, and of beasts that are not , and of fowls, and of every thing that creepeth upon the earth,

 There went in two and two unto  into the , the male and the female, as God had commanded .

 And it came to pass after  days, that the waters of the  were upon the earth.

 In the six hundredth year of Noah's life, in the second month, the seventeenth day of the month, the same day were all the fountains of the great  broken up, and the windows of  were opened.

 And the  was upon the earth forty days and forty nights.

 In the selfsame day entered , and , and , and , the sons of , and Noah's wife, and the three wives of his sons with them, into the ;

 They, and every  after his kind, and all the  after their kind, and every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth after his kind, and every fowl after his kind, every  of every sort.

 And they went in unto  into the , two and two of all , wherein is the breath of life.

 And they that went in, went in male and female of all , as God had commanded him: and the LORD shut him in.

 And the  was forty days upon the earth; and the waters increased, and bare up the , and it was lift up above the earth.

 And the waters prevailed, and were increased greatly upon the earth; and the  went upon the face of the waters.

 And the waters prevailed exceedingly upon the earth; and all the high hills, that were under the whole , were covered.

 Fifteen cubits upward did the waters prevail; and the mountains were covered.

 And all  died that moved upon the earth, both of fowl, and of , and of , and of every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth, and every man:

 All in whose nostrils was the breath of life, of all that was in the dry land, died.

 And every living substance was destroyed which was upon the face of the ground, both man, and , and the creeping things, and the fowl of the ; and they were destroyed from the earth: and  only remained alive, and they that were with him in the .

 And the waters prevailed upon the earth an hundred and fifty days.
