King James Version: Genesis: Genesis Chapter
King James Version: Genesis Chapter
And the LORD visited  as he had said, and the LORD did unto  as he had spoken.

 For  conceived, and bare  a son in his old age, at the set time of which God had spoken to him.

 And  called the name of his son that was born unto him, whom  bare to him, .

 And  circumcised his son  being eight days old, as God had commanded him.

 And  was an hundred years old, when his son  was born unto him.

 And  said, God hath made me to laugh, so that all that hear will laugh with me.

 And she said, Who would have said unto , that  should have given children suck? for I have born him a son in his old age.

 And the child grew, and was weaned: and  made a great  the same day that  was weaned.

 And  saw the son of  the Egyptian, which she had born unto , mocking.

 Wherefore she said unto , Cast out this bondwoman and her son: for the son of this bondwoman shall not be  with my son, even with .

 And the thing was very grievous in Abraham's sight because of his son.

 And God said unto , Let it not be grievous in thy sight because of the lad, and because of thy bondwoman; in all that  hath said unto thee, hearken unto her voice; for in  shall thy seed be called.

 And also of the son of the bondwoman will I make a nation, because he is thy seed.

 And  rose up early in the morning, and took , and a  of water, and gave it unto , putting it on her shoulder, and the child, and sent her away: and she departed, and wandered in the  of .

 And the water was spent in the , and she cast the child under one of the shrubs.

 And she went, and sat her down over against him a good way off, as it were a  shot: for she said, Let me not see the death of the child. And she sat over against him, and lift up her voice, and wept.

 And God heard the voice of the lad; and the  of God called to  out of , and said unto her, What aileth thee, ? fear not; for God hath heard the voice of the lad where he is.

 Arise, lift up the lad, and hold him in thine hand; for I will make him a great nation.

 And God opened her eyes, and she saw a well of water; and she went, and filled the  with water, and gave the lad .

 And God was with the lad; and he grew, and dwelt in the , and became an .

 And he dwelt in the  of : and his mother took him a wife out of the land of .

 And it came to pass at that time, that  and Phichol the chief captain of his  spake unto , saying, God is with thee in all that thou doest:

 Now therefore swear unto me here by God that thou wilt not deal falsely with me, nor with my son, nor with my son's son: but according to the kindness that I have done unto thee, thou shalt do unto me, and to the land wherein thou hast sojourned.

 And  said, I will swear.

 And  reproved  because of a well of water, which Abimelech's servants had violently taken away.

 And  said, I wot not who hath done this thing; neither didst thou tell me, neither yet heard I of it, but to day.

 And  took  and oxen, and gave them unto ; and both of them made a .

 And  set  ewe lambs of the flock by themselves.

 And  said unto , What mean these  ewe lambs which thou hast set by themselves?

 And he said, For these  ewe lambs shalt thou take of my hand, that they may be a  unto me, that I have digged this well.

 Wherefore he called that place ; because there they sware both of them.

 Thus they made a  at : then  rose up, and Phichol the chief captain of his , and they returned into the land of the .

 And  planted a  in , and called there on the name of the LORD, the  God.

 And  sojourned in the Philistines' land many days.
