King James Version: Genesis: Genesis Chapter
King James Version: Genesis Chapter
And  the daughter of , which she bare unto , went out to see the daughters of the land.

 And when  the son of  the Hivite,  of the country, saw her, he took her, and lay with her, and defiled her.

 And his soul clave unto  the daughter of , and he loved the damsel, and spake kindly unto the damsel.

 And  spake unto his father , saying, Get me this damsel to wife.

 And  heard that he had defiled  his daughter: now his sons were with his  in the field: and  held his peace until they were come.

 And  the father of  went out unto  to commune with him.

 And the sons of  came out of the field when they heard it: and the men were grieved, and they were very wroth, because he had wrought folly in  in lying with Jacob's daughter: which thing ought not to be done.

 And  communed with them, saying, The soul of my son  longeth for your daughter: I pray you give her him to wife.

 And make ye marriages with us, and give your daughters unto us, and take our daughters unto you.

 And ye shall dwell with us: and the land shall be before you; dwell and trade ye therein, and get you possessions therein.

 And  said unto her father and unto her brethren, Let me find  in your eyes, and what ye shall say unto me I will give.

 Ask me never so much  and , and I will give according as ye shall say unto me: but give me the damsel to wife.

 And the sons of  answered  and  his father deceitfully, and said, because he had defiled  their sister:

 And they said unto them, We cannot do this thing, to give our sister to one that is uncircumcised; for that were a reproach unto us:

 But in this will we consent unto you: If ye will be as we be, that every male of you be circumcised;

 Then will we give our daughters unto you, and we will take your daughters to us, and we will dwell with you, and we will become one people.

 But if ye will not hearken unto us, to be circumcised; then will we take our daughter, and we will be gone.

 And their words pleased , and  Hamor's son.

 And the young man deferred not to do the thing, because he had delight in Jacob's daughter: and he was more honourable than all the house of his father.

 And  and  his son came unto the  of their city, and communed with the men of their city, saying,

 These men are peaceable with us; therefore let them dwell in the land, and trade therein; for the land, behold, it is large enough for them; let us take their daughters to us for wives, and let us give them our daughters.

 Only herein will the men consent unto us for to dwell with us, to be one people, if every male among us be circumcised, as they are circumcised.

 Shall not their  and their substance and every  of their's be our's? only let us consent unto them, and they will dwell with us.

 And unto  and unto  his son hearkened all that went out of the  of his city; and every male was circumcised, all that went out of the  of his city.

 And it came to pass on the third day, when they were sore, that two of the sons of ,  and , Dinah's brethren, took each man his , and came upon the city boldly, and slew all the males.

 And they slew  and  his son with the edge of the , and took  out of Shechem's house, and went out.

 The sons of  came upon the slain, and spoiled the city, because they had defiled their sister.

 They took their , and their oxen, and their asses, and that which was in the city, and that which was in the field,

 And all their wealth, and all their little ones, and their wives took they , and spoiled even all that was in the house.

 And  said to  and , Ye have troubled me to make me to stink among the inhabitants of the land, among the  and the : and I being few in number, they shall gather themselves together against me, and slay me; and I shall be destroyed, I and my house.

 And they said, Should he deal with our sister as with an ?
