King James Version: Genesis: Genesis Chapter
King James Version: Genesis Chapter
And God said unto , Arise, go up to , and dwell there: and make there an  unto God, that appeared unto thee when thou fleddest from the face of  thy brother.

 Then  said unto his household, and to all that were with him, Put away the strange gods that are among you, and be , and change your garments:

 And let us arise, and go up to ; and I will make there an  unto God, who answered me in the day of my distress, and was with me in the way which I went.

 And they gave unto  all the strange gods which were in their hand, and all their  which were in their ears; and  hid them under the  which was by .

 And they journeyed: and the terror of God was upon the cities that were round about them, and they did not pursue after the sons of .

 So  came to , which is in the land of , that is, , he and all the people that were with him.

 And he built there an , and called the place Elbethel: because there God appeared unto him, when he fled from the face of his brother.

 But  Rebekah's nurse died, and she was buried beneath  under an : and the name of it was called Allonbachuth.

 And God appeared unto  again, when he came out of Padanaram, and blessed him.

 And God said unto him, Thy name is : thy name shall not be called any more , but  shall be thy name: and he called his name .

 And God said unto him, I am God Almighty: be fruitful and multiply; a nation and a company of nations shall be of thee, and kings shall come out of thy loins;

 And the land which I gave  and , to thee I will give it, and to thy seed after thee will I give the land.

 And God went up from him in the place where he talked with him.

 And  set up a  in the place where he talked with him, even a  of : and he poured a   thereon, and he poured oil thereon.

 And  called the name of the place where God spake with him, .

 And they journeyed from ; and there was but a little way to come to Ephrath: and  travailed, and she had hard labour.

 And it came to pass, when she was in hard labour, that the  said unto her, Fear not; thou shalt have this son also.

 And it came to pass, as her soul was in departing, (for she died) that she called his name Benoni: but his father called him .

 And  died, and was buried in the way to Ephrath, which is .

 And  set a  upon her : that is the  of Rachel's  unto this day.

 And  journeyed, and spread his  beyond the tower of .

 And it came to pass, when  dwelt in that land, that  went and lay with  his father's : and  heard it. Now the sons of  were twelve:

 The sons of ; , Jacob's firstborn, and , and , and , and , and :

 The sons of ; , and :

 And the sons of , Rachel's ; , and :

 And the sons of , Leah's : , and : these are the sons of , which were born to him in Padanaram.

 And  came unto  his father unto , unto the city of Arbah, which is , where  and  sojourned.

 And the days of  were an hundred and fourscore years.

 And  gave up the , and died, and was gathered unto his people, being old and full of days: and his sons  and  buried him.
