King James Version: Genesis: Genesis Chapter
King James Version: Genesis Chapter
Then  could not refrain himself before all them that stood by him; and he cried, Cause every man to go out from me. And there stood no man with him, while  made himself known unto his brethren.

 And he wept aloud: and the Egyptians and the house of  heard.

 And  said unto his brethren, I am ; doth my father yet live? And his brethren could not answer him; for they were troubled at his presence.

 And  said unto his brethren, Come near to me, I pray you. And they came near. And he said, I am  your brother, whom ye sold into .

 Now therefore be not grieved, nor angry with yourselves, that ye sold me hither: for God did send me before you to preserve life.

 For these two years hath the  been in the land: and yet there are five years, in the which there shall neither be  nor .

 And God sent me before you to preserve you a posterity in the earth, and to save your lives by a great deliverance.

 So now it was not you that sent me hither, but God: and he hath made me a father to , and lord of all his house, and a ruler throughout all the land of .

 Haste ye, and go up to my father, and say unto him, Thus saith thy son , God hath made me lord of all : come down unto me, tarry not:

 And thou shalt dwell in the land of , and thou shalt be near unto me, thou, and thy children, and thy children's children, and thy flocks, and thy herds, and all that thou hast:

 And there will I nourish thee; for yet there are five years of ; lest thou, and thy household, and all that thou hast, come to poverty.

 And, behold, your eyes see, and the eyes of my brother , that it is my mouth that speaketh unto you.

 And ye shall tell my father of all my  in , and of all that ye have seen; and ye shall haste and bring down my father hither.

 And he fell upon his brother Benjamin's , and wept; and  wept upon his .

 Moreover he kissed all his brethren, and wept upon them: and after that his brethren talked with him.

 And the fame thereof was heard in Pharaoh's house, saying, Joseph's brethren are come: and it pleased  well, and his servants.

 And  said unto , Say unto thy brethren, This do ye; lade your beasts, and go, get you unto the land of ;

 And take your father and your households, and come unto me: and I will give you the good of the land of , and ye shall eat the  of the land.

 Now thou art commanded, this do ye; take you wagons out of the land of  for your little ones, and for your wives, and bring your father, and come.

 Also regard not your stuff; for the good of all the land of  is your's.

 And the children of  did so: and  gave them wagons, according to the commandment of , and gave them provision for the way.

 To all of them he gave each man changes of raiment; but to  he gave three hundred  of , and five changes of raiment.

 And to his father he sent after this manner; ten asses laden with the good things of , and ten she asses laden with  and  and meat for his father by the way.

 So he sent his brethren away, and they departed: and he said unto them, See that ye fall not out by the way.

 And they went up out of , and came into the land of  unto  their father,

 And told him, saying,  is yet alive, and he is governor over all the land of . And Jacob's heart fainted, for he believed them not.

 And they told him all the words of , which he had said unto them: and when he saw the wagons which  had sent to carry him, the  of  their father revived:

 And  said, It is enough;  my son is yet alive: I will go and see him before I die.
