King James Version: Genesis: Genesis Chapter
King James Version: Genesis Chapter
And it came to pass at that time, that  went down from his brethren, and turned in to a certain , whose name was Hirah.

 And  saw there a daughter of a certain , whose name was ; and he took her, and went in unto her.

 And she conceived, and bare a son; and he called his name Er.

 And she conceived again, and bare a son; and she called his name .

 And she yet again conceived, and bare a son; and called his name : and he was at , when she bare him.

 And  took a wife for Er his firstborn, whose name was .

 And Er, Judah's firstborn, was wicked in the sight of the LORD; and the LORD slew him.

 And  said unto , Go in unto thy brother's wife, and marry her, and raise up seed to thy brother.

 And  knew that the seed should not be his; and it came to pass, when he went in unto his brother's wife, that he spilled it on the ground, lest that he should give seed to his brother.

 And the thing which he did displeased the LORD: wherefore he slew him also.

 Then said  to  his daughter in law, Remain a widow at thy father's house, till  my son be grown: for he said, Lest peradventure he die also, as his brethren did. And  went and dwelt in her father's house.

 And in process of time the daughter of  Judah's wife died; and  was comforted, and went up unto his sheepshearers to , he and his friend Hirah the .

 And it was told , saying, Behold thy father in law goeth up to  to shear his .

 And she put her widow's garments off from her, and covered her with a vail, and wrapped herself, and sat in an open place, which is by the way to ; for she saw that  was grown, and she was not given unto him to wife.

 When  saw her, he thought her to be an ; because she had covered her face.

 And he turned unto her by the way, and said, Go to, I pray thee, let me come in unto thee; (for he knew not that she was his daughter in law.) And she said, What wilt thou give me, that thou mayest come in unto me?

 And he said, I will send thee a kid from the flock. And she said, Wilt thou give me a , till thou send it?

 And he said, What  shall I give thee? And she said, Thy , and thy bracelets, and thy staff that is in thine hand. And he gave it her, and came in unto her, and she conceived by him.

 And she arose, and went away, and laid by her vail from her, and put on the garments of her widowhood.

 And  sent the kid by the hand of his friend the , to receive his  from the woman's hand: but he found her not.

 Then he asked the men of that place, saying, Where is the , that was openly by the way side? And they said, There was no  in this place.

 And he returned to , and said, I cannot find her; and also the men of the place said, that there was no  in this place.

 And  said, Let her take it to her, lest we be shamed: behold, I sent this kid, and thou hast not found her.

 And it came to pass about three months after, that it was told , saying,  thy daughter in law hath played the ; and also, behold, she is with child by whoredom. And  said, Bring her forth, and let her be burnt.

 When she was brought forth, she sent to her father in law, saying, By the man, whose these are, am I with child: and she said, Discern, I pray thee, whose are these, the , and bracelets, and staff.

 And  acknowledged them, and said, She hath been more righteous than I; because that I gave her not to  my son. And he knew her again no more.

 And it came to pass in the time of her travail, that, behold, twins were in her womb.

 And it came to pass, when she travailed, that the one put out his hand: and the  took and bound upon his hand a  thread, saying, This came out first.

 And it came to pass, as he drew back his hand, that, behold, his brother came out: and she said, How hast thou broken forth? this  be upon thee: therefore his name was called .

 And afterward came out his brother, that had the  thread upon his hand: and his name was called Zarah.
