King James Version: Genesis: Genesis Chapter
King James Version: Genesis Chapter
And  knew  his wife; and she conceived, and bare , and said, I have gotten a man from the LORD.

 And she again bare his brother . And  was a keeper of , but  was a tiller of the ground.

 And in process of time it came to pass, that  brought of the  of the ground an  unto the LORD.

 And , he also brought of the firstlings of his flock and of the  thereof. And the LORD had respect unto  and to his :

 But unto  and to his  he had not respect. And  was very wroth, and his countenance fell.

 And the LORD said unto , Why art thou wroth? and why is thy countenance fallen?

 If thou doest well, shalt thou not be accepted? and if thou doest not well,  lieth at the door. And unto thee shall be his desire, and thou shalt rule over him.

 And  talked with  his brother: and it came to pass, when they were in the field, that  rose up against  his brother, and slew him.

 And the LORD said unto , Where is  thy brother? And he said, I know not: Am I my brother's keeper?

 And he said, What hast thou done? the voice of thy brother's  crieth unto me from the ground.

 And now art thou cursed from the earth, which hath opened her mouth to receive thy brother's  from thy hand;

 When thou tillest the ground, it shall not henceforth yield unto thee her strength; a  and a  shalt thou be in the earth.

 And  said unto the LORD, My  is greater than I can bear.

 Behold, thou hast driven me out this day from the face of the earth; and from thy face shall I be hid; and I shall be a  and a  in the earth; and it shall come to pass, that every one that findeth me shall slay me.

 And the LORD said unto him, Therefore whosoever slayeth , vengeance shall be taken on him sevenfold. And the LORD set a mark upon , lest any finding him should kill him.

 And  went out from the presence of the LORD, and dwelt in the land of , on the  of .

 And  knew his wife; and she conceived, and bare : and he builded a city, and called the name of the city, after the name of his son, .

 And unto  was born : and  begat : and  begat : and  begat .

 And  took unto him two wives: the name of the one was , and the name of the other .

 And  bare : he was the father of such as dwell in tents, and of such as have .

 And his brother's name was : he was the father of all such as handle the  and .

 And , she also bare Tubalcain, an instructer of every  in  and : and the sister of Tubalcain was .

 And  said unto his wives,  and , Hear my voice; ye wives of , hearken unto my speech: for I have slain a man to my wounding, and a young man to my hurt.

 If  shall be avenged sevenfold, truly  seventy and sevenfold.

 And  knew his wife again; and she bare a son, and called his name : For God, said she, hath appointed me another seed instead of , whom  slew.

 And to , to him also there was born a son; and he called his name : then began men to call upon the name of the LORD.
