King James Version: Genesis: Genesis Chapter
King James Version: Genesis Chapter
And he heard the words of Laban's sons, saying,  hath taken away all that was our father's; and of that which was our father's hath he gotten all this .

 And  beheld the countenance of , and, behold, it was not toward him as before.

 And the LORD said unto , Return unto the land of thy fathers, and to thy kindred; and I will be with thee.

 And  sent and called  and  to the field unto his flock,

 And said unto them, I see your father's countenance, that it is not toward me as before; but the God of my father hath been with me.

 And ye know that with all my power I have served your father.

 And your father hath deceived me, and changed my  ten times; but God suffered him not to hurt me.

 If he said thus, The speckled shall be thy ; then all the  bare speckled: and if he said thus, The ringstraked shall be thy hire; then bare all the  ringstraked.

 Thus God hath taken away the  of your father, and given them to me.

 And it came to pass at the time that the  conceived, that I lifted up mine eyes, and saw in a , and, behold, the rams which leaped upon the  were ringstraked, speckled, and grisled.

 And the  of God spake unto me in a , saying, : And I said, Here am I.

 And he said, Lift up now thine eyes, and see, all the rams which leap upon the  are ringstraked, speckled, and grisled: for I have seen all that  doeth unto thee.

 I am the God of , where thou anointedst the , and where thou vowedst a vow unto me: now arise, get thee out from this land, and return unto the land of thy kindred.

 And  and  answered and said unto him, Is there yet any portion or inheritance for us in our father's house?

 Are we not counted of him strangers? for he hath sold us, and hath quite devoured also our money.

 For all the riches which God hath taken from our father, that is ours, and our children's: now then, whatsoever God hath said unto thee, do.

 Then  rose up, and set his sons and his wives upon camels;

 And he carried away all his , and all his goods which he had gotten, the  of his getting, which he had gotten in Padanaram, for to go to  his father in the land of .

 And  went to shear his : and  had stolen the images that were her father's.

 And  stole away unawares to  the Syrian, in that he told him not that he fled.

 So he fled with all that he had; and he rose up, and passed over the river, and set his face toward the  .

 And it was told  on the third day that  was fled.

 And he took his brethren with him, and pursued after him  days' ; and they overtook him in the  .

 And God came to  the Syrian in a  by night, and said unto him, Take heed that thou speak not to  either good or bad.

 Then  overtook . Now  had pitched his  in the : and  with his brethren pitched in the  of .

 And  said to , What hast thou done, that thou hast stolen away unawares to me, and carried away my daughters, as captives taken with the ?

 Wherefore didst thou flee away secretly, and steal away from me; and didst not tell me, that I might have sent thee away with mirth, and with , with , and with ?

 And hast not suffered me to  my sons and my daughters? thou hast now done foolishly in so doing.

 It is in the power of my hand to do you hurt: but the God of your father spake unto me yesternight, saying, Take thou heed that thou speak not to  either good or bad.

 And now, though thou wouldest needs be gone, because thou sore longedst after thy father's house, yet wherefore hast thou stolen my gods?

 And  answered and said to , Because I was afraid: for I said, Peradventure thou wouldest take by force thy daughters from me.

 With whomsoever thou findest thy gods, let him not live: before our brethren discern thou what is thine with me, and take it to thee. For  knew not that  had stolen them.

 And  went into Jacob's , and into Leah's , and into the two maidservants' tents; but he found them not. Then went he out of Leah's , and entered into Rachel's .

 Now  had taken the images, and put them in the camel's furniture, and sat upon them. And  searched all the , but found them not.

 And she said to her father, Let it not displease my lord that I cannot rise up before thee; for the  of women is upon me. And he searched but found not the images.

 And  was wroth, and chode with : and  answered and said to , What is my trespass? what is my , that thou hast so hotly pursued after me?

 Whereas thou hast searched all my stuff, what hast thou found of all thy household stuff? set it here before my brethren and thy brethren, that they may  betwixt us both.

 This twenty years have I been with thee; thy ewes and thy she goats have not cast their young, and the rams of thy flock have I not eaten.

 That which was torn of beasts I brought not unto thee; I bare the loss of it; of my hand didst thou require it, whether stolen by day, or stolen by night.

 Thus I was; in the day the  consumed me, and the  by night; and my sleep departed from mine eyes.

 Thus have I been twenty years in thy house; I served thee fourteen years for thy two daughters, and six years for thy : and thou hast changed my  ten times.

 Except the God of my father, the God of , and the fear of , had been with me, surely thou hadst sent me away now empty. God hath seen mine affliction and the labour of my hands, and rebuked thee yesternight.

 And  answered and said unto , These daughters are my daughters, and these children are my children, and these  are my , and all that thou seest is mine: and what can I do this day unto these my daughters, or unto their children which they have born?

 Now therefore come thou, let us make a , I and thou; and let it be for a  between me and thee.

 And  took a , and set it up for a .

 And  said unto his brethren, Gather stones; and they took stones, and made an : and they did eat there upon the .

 And  called it Jegarsahadutha: but  called it .

 And  said, This  is a  between me and thee this day. Therefore was the name of it called ;

 And ; for he said, The LORD watch between me and thee, when we are absent one from another.

 If thou shalt afflict my daughters, or if thou shalt take other wives beside my daughters, no man is with us; see, God is  betwixt me and thee.

 And  said to , Behold this , and behold this , which I have cast betwixt me and thee:

 This  be , and this  be , that I will not pass over this  to thee, and that thou shalt not pass over this  and this  unto me, for harm.

 The God of , and the God of , the God of their father,  betwixt us. And  sware by the fear of his father .

 Then  offered  upon the , and called his brethren to eat : and they did eat , and tarried all night in the .

 And early in the morning  rose up, and kissed his sons and his daughters, and blessed them: and  departed, and returned unto his place.
