King James Version: Genesis: Genesis Chapter
King James Version: Genesis Chapter
And when  saw that she bare  no children,  envied her sister; and said unto , Give me children, or else I die.

 And Jacob's  was kindled against : and he said, Am I in God's stead, who hath withheld from thee the  of the womb?

 And she said, Behold my maid , go in unto her; and she shall bear upon my knees, that I may also have children by her.

 And she gave him  her  to wife: and  went in unto her.

 And  conceived, and bare  a son.

 And  said, God hath judged me, and hath also heard my voice, and hath given me a son: therefore called she his name .

 And  Rachel's maid conceived again, and bare  a second son.

 And  said, With great wrestlings have I wrestled with my sister, and I have prevailed: and she called his name .

 When  saw that she had left bearing, she took  her maid, and gave her  to wife.

 And  Leah's maid bare  a son.

 And  said, A troop cometh: and she called his name .

 And  Leah's maid bare  a second son.

 And  said, Happy am I, for the daughters will call me blessed: and she called his name .

 And  went in the days of  , and found  in the field, and brought them unto his mother . Then  said to , Give me, I pray thee, of thy son's .

 And she said unto her, Is it a small matter that thou hast taken my husband? and wouldest thou take away my son's  also? And  said, Therefore he shall lie with thee to night for thy son's .

 And  came out of the field in the evening, and  went out to meet him, and said, Thou must come in unto me; for surely I have hired thee with my son's . And he lay with her that night.

 And God hearkened unto , and she conceived, and bare  the fifth son.

 And  said, God hath given me my hire, because I have given my maiden to my husband: and she called his name .

 And  conceived again, and bare  the sixth son.

 And  said, God hath endued me with a good ; now will my husband dwell with me, because I have born him six sons: and she called his name .

 And afterwards she bare a daughter, and called her name .

 And God remembered , and God hearkened to her, and opened her womb.

 And she conceived, and bare a son; and said, God hath taken away my reproach:

 And she called his name ; and said, The LORD shall add to me another son.

 And it came to pass, when  had born , that  said unto , Send me away, that I may go unto mine own place, and to my country.

 Give me my wives and my children, for whom I have served thee, and let me go: for thou knowest my service which I have done thee.

 And  said unto him, I pray thee, if I have found favour in thine eyes, tarry: for I have learned by experience that the LORD hath blessed me for thy sake.

 And he said, Appoint me thy , and I will give it.

 And he said unto him, Thou knowest how I have served thee, and how thy  was with me.

 For it was little which thou hadst before I came, and it is now increased unto a multitude; and the LORD hath blessed thee since my coming: and now when shall I provide for mine own house also?

 And he said, What shall I give thee? And  said, Thou shalt not give me any thing: if thou wilt do this thing for me, I will again feed and keep thy flock.

 I will pass through all thy flock to day, removing from thence all the speckled and spotted , and all the brown  among the , and the spotted and speckled among the goats: and of such shall be my hire.

 So shall my  answer for me in time to come, when it shall come for my hire before thy face: every one that is not speckled and spotted among the goats, and brown among the , that shall be counted stolen with me.

 And  said, Behold, I would it might be according to thy word.

 And he removed that day the he goats that were ringstraked and spotted, and all the she goats that were speckled and spotted, and every one that had some white in it, and all the brown among the , and gave them into the hand of his sons.

 And he set three days'  betwixt himself and : and  fed the rest of Laban's flocks.

 And  took him rods of green , and of the  and chesnut tree; and pilled white strakes in them, and made the white appear which was in the rods.

 And he set the rods which he had pilled before the flocks in the gutters in the watering troughs when the flocks came to , that they should conceive when they came to .

 And the flocks conceived before the rods, and brought forth  ringstraked, speckled, and spotted.

 And  did separate the lambs, and set the faces of the flocks toward the ringstraked, and all the brown in the flock of ; and he put his own flocks by themselves, and put them not unto Laban's .

 And it came to pass, whensoever the stronger  did conceive, that  laid the rods before the eyes of the  in the gutters, that they might conceive among the rods.

 But when the  were feeble, he put them not in: so the feebler were Laban's, and the stronger Jacob's.

 And the man increased exceedingly, and had much , and maidservants, and menservants, and camels, and asses.
