King James Version: Genesis: Genesis Chapter
King James Version: Genesis Chapter
And when  was ninety years old and nine, the LORD appeared to , and said unto him, I am the Almighty God; walk before me, and be thou perfect.

 And I will make my  between me and thee, and will multiply thee exceedingly.

 And  fell on his face: and God talked with him, saying,

 As for me, behold, my  is with thee, and thou shalt be a father of many nations.

 Neither shall thy name any more be called , but thy name shall be ; for a father of many nations have I made thee.

 And I will make thee exceeding fruitful, and I will make nations of thee, and kings shall come out of thee.

 And I will establish my  between me and thee and thy seed after thee in their generations for an  , to be a God unto thee, and to thy seed after thee.

 And I will give unto thee, and to thy seed after thee, the land wherein thou art a , all the land of , for an  possession; and I will be their God.

 And God said unto , Thou shalt keep my  therefore, thou, and thy seed after thee in their generations.

 This is my , which ye shall keep, between me and you and thy seed after thee; Every man child among you shall be circumcised.

 And ye shall circumcise the  of your foreskin; and it shall be a token of the  betwixt me and you.

 And he that is eight days old shall be circumcised among you, every man child in your generations, he that is born in the house, or bought with money of any , which is not of thy seed.

 He that is born in thy house, and he that is bought with thy money, must needs be circumcised: and my  shall be in your  for an  .

 And the uncircumcised man child whose  of his foreskin is not circumcised, that soul shall be cut off from his people; he hath broken my .

 And God said unto , As for  thy wife, thou shalt not call her name , but  shall her name be.

 And I will  her, and give thee a son also of her: yea, I will  her, and she shall be a mother of nations; kings of people shall be of her.

 Then  fell upon his face, and laughed, and said in his heart, Shall a child be born unto him that is an hundred years old? and shall , that is ninety years old, bear?

 And  said unto God, O that  might live before thee!

 And God said,  thy wife shall bear thee a son indeed; and thou shalt call his name : and I will establish my  with him for an  , and with his seed after him.

 And as for , I have heard thee: Behold, I have blessed him, and will make him fruitful, and will multiply him exceedingly; twelve princes shall he beget, and I will make him a great nation.

 But my  will I establish with , which  shall bear unto thee at this set time in the next year.

 And he left off talking with him, and God went up from .

 And  took  his son, and all that were born in his house, and all that were bought with his money, every male among the men of Abraham's house; and circumcised the  of their foreskin in the selfsame day, as God had said unto him.

 And  was ninety years old and nine, when he was circumcised in the  of his foreskin.

 And  his son was thirteen years old, when he was circumcised in the  of his foreskin.

 In the selfsame day was  circumcised, and  his son.

 And all the men of his house, born in the house, and bought with money of the , were circumcised with him.
