King James Version: Genesis: Genesis Chapter
King James Version: Genesis Chapter
And God blessed  and his sons, and said unto them, Be fruitful, and multiply, and replenish the earth.

 And the fear of you and the dread of you shall be upon every  of the earth, and upon every fowl of the air, upon all that moveth upon the earth, and upon all the fishes of the sea; into your hand are they delivered.

 Every moving thing that liveth shall be meat for you; even as the green  have I given you all things.

 But  with the life thereof, which is the  thereof, shall ye not eat.

 And surely your  of your lives will I require; at the hand of every  will I require it, and at the hand of man; at the hand of every man's brother will I require the life of man.

 Whoso sheddeth man's , by man shall his  be shed: for in the image of God made he man.

 And you, be ye fruitful, and multiply; bring forth abundantly in the earth, and multiply therein.

 And God spake unto , and to his sons with him, saying,

 And I, behold, I establish my  with you, and with your seed after you;

 And with every living  that is with you, of the fowl, of the , and of every  of the earth with you; from all that go out of the , to every  of the earth.

 And I will establish my  with you, neither shall all  be cut off any more by the waters of a ; neither shall there any more be a  to destroy the earth.

 And God said, This is the token of the  which I make between me and you and every living  that is with you, for perpetual generations:

 I do set my  in the , and it shall be for a token of a  between me and the earth.

 And it shall come to pass, when I bring a  over the earth, that the  shall be seen in the :

 And I will remember my , which is between me and you and every living  of all ; and the waters shall no more become a  to destroy all .

 And the  shall be in the ; and I will look upon it, that I may remember the   between God and every living  of all  that is upon the earth.

 And God said unto , This is the token of the , which I have established between me and all  that is upon the earth.

 And the sons of , that went forth of the , were , and , and : and  is the father of .

 These are the three sons of : and of them was the whole earth overspread.

 And  began to be an , and he planted a vineyard:

 And he drank of the , and was drunken; and he was uncovered within his .

 And , the father of , saw the nakedness of his father, and told his two brethren without.

 And  and  took a garment, and laid it upon both their shoulders, and went backward, and covered the nakedness of their father; and their faces were backward, and they saw not their father's nakedness.

 And  awoke from his , and knew what his younger son had done unto him.

 And he said, Cursed be ; a servant of servants shall he be unto his brethren.

 And he said, Blessed be the LORD God of ; and  shall be his servant.

 God shall enlarge , and he shall dwell in the tents of ; and  shall be his servant.

 And  lived after the  three hundred and fifty years.

 And all the days of  were nine hundred and fifty years: and he died.
