King James Version: Genesis: Genesis Chapter
King James Version: Genesis Chapter
Now these are the generations of the sons of , , , and : and unto them were sons born after the .

 The sons of ; , and , and , and , and , and , and .

 And the sons of ; , and , and .

 And the sons of ; , and , , and .

 By these were the isles of the  divided in their lands; every one after his tongue, after their families, in their nations.

 And the sons of ; , and , and , and .

 And the sons of ; , and , and , and , and Sabtechah: and the sons of ; , and .

 And  begat : he began to be a mighty one in the earth.

 He was a mighty hunter before the LORD: wherefore it is said, Even as  the mighty hunter before the LORD.

 And the beginning of his kingdom was Babel, and , and , and , in the land of Shinar.

 Out of that land went forth , and builded , and the city , and ,

 And  between  and : the same is a great city.

 And  begat , and , and Lehabim, and ,

 And Pathrusim, and , (out of whom came Philistim,) and Caphtorim.

 And  begat  his first born, and ,

 And the Jebusite, and the Amorite, and the Girgasite,

 And the Hivite, and the , and the ,

 And the Arvadite, and the , and the Hamathite: and afterward were the families of the  spread abroad.

 And the border of the  was from , as thou comest to , unto ; as thou goest, unto , and , and , and , even unto .

 These are the sons of , after their families, after their tongues, in their countries, and in their nations.

 Unto  also, the father of all the children of , the brother of  the , even to him were children born.

 The children of ; , and , and , and , and .

 And the children of ; , and , and Gether, and .

 And  begat Salah; and Salah begat .

 And unto  were born two sons: the name of one was ; for in his days was the earth divided; and his brother's name was .

 And  begat , and Sheleph, and Hazarmaveth, and Jerah,

 And , and , and Diklah,

 And , and , and ,

 And , and , and : all these were the sons of .

 And their dwelling was from , as thou goest unto  a  of the .

 These are the sons of , after their families, after their tongues, in their lands, after their nations.

 These are the families of the sons of , after their generations, in their nations: and by these were the nations divided in the earth after the .
