King James Version: Genesis: Genesis Chapter
King James Version: Genesis Chapter
And it came to pass at the end of two full years, that  dreamed: and, behold, he stood by the river.

 And, behold, there came up out of the river  well favoured  and fatfleshed; and they fed in a .

 And, behold,  other  came up after them out of the river, ill favoured and leanfleshed; and stood by the other  upon the brink of the river.

 And the ill favoured and leanfleshed  did eat up the  well favoured and  . So  awoke.

 And he slept and dreamed the second time: and, behold,  ears of  came up upon one stalk, rank and good.

 And, behold,  thin ears and blasted with the  wind sprung up after them.

 And the  thin ears devoured the  rank and full ears. And  awoke, and, behold, it was a .

 And it came to pass in the morning that his  was troubled; and he sent and called for all the  of , and all the  men thereof: and  told them his ; but there was none that could interpret them unto .

 Then spake the chief  unto , saying, I do remember my faults this day:

  was wroth with his servants, and put me in  in the captain of the guard's house, both me and the chief baker:

 And we dreamed a  in one night, I and he; we dreamed each man according to the interpretation of his .

 And there was there with us a young man, an , servant to the captain of the ; and we told him, and he interpreted to us our dreams; to each man according to his  he did interpret.

 And it came to pass, as he interpreted to us, so it was; me he restored unto mine office, and him he hanged.

 Then  sent and called , and they brought him hastily out of the : and he shaved himself, and changed his raiment, and came in unto .

 And  said unto , I have dreamed a , and there is none that can interpret it: and I have heard say of thee, that thou canst understand a  to interpret it.

 And  answered , saying, It is not in me: God shall give  an answer of peace.

 And  said unto , In my , behold, I stood upon the bank of the river:

 And, behold, there came up out of the river  , fatfleshed and well favoured; and they fed in a :

 And, behold,  other  came up after them,  and very ill favoured and leanfleshed, such as I never saw in all the land of  for badness:

 And the lean and the ill favoured  did eat up the first   :

 And when they had eaten them up, it could not be known that they had eaten them; but they were still ill favoured, as at the beginning. So I awoke.

 And I saw in my , and, behold,  ears came up in one stalk, full and good:

 And, behold,  ears, withered, thin, and blasted with the  wind, sprung up after them:

 And the thin ears devoured the  good ears: and I told this unto the ; but there was none that could declare it to me.

 And  said unto , The  of  is one: God hath shewed  what he is about to do.

 The  good  are  years; and the  good ears are  years: the  is one.

 And the  thin and ill favoured  that came up after them are  years; and the  empty ears blasted with the  wind shall be  years of .

 This is the thing which I have spoken unto : What God is about to do he sheweth unto .

 Behold, there come  years of great plenty throughout all the land of :

 And there shall arise after them  years of ; and all the plenty shall be forgotten in the land of ; and the  shall consume the land;

 And the plenty shall not be known in the land by reason of that  following; for it shall be very grievous.

 And for that the  was doubled unto  twice; it is because the thing is established by God, and God will shortly bring it to pass.

 Now therefore let  look out a man discreet and , and set him over the land of .

 Let  do this, and let him appoint officers over the land, and take up the fifth part of the land of  in the  plenteous years.

 And let them gather all the food of those good years that come, and lay up  under the hand of , and let them keep food in the cities.

 And that food shall be for store to the land against the  years of , which shall be in the land of ; that the land perish not through the .

 And the thing was good in the eyes of , and in the eyes of all his servants.

 And  said unto his servants, Can we find such a one as this is, a man in whom the  of God is?

 And  said unto , Forasmuch as God hath shewed thee all this, there is none so discreet and  as thou art:

 Thou shalt be over my house, and according unto thy word shall all my people be ruled: only in the  will I be greater than thou.

 And  said unto , See, I have set thee over all the land of .

 And  took off his  from his hand, and put it upon Joseph's hand, and arrayed him in vestures of fine , and put a   about his ;

 And he made him to ride in the second  which he had; and they cried before him,  the knee: and he made him ruler over all the land of .

 And  said unto , I am , and without thee shall no man lift up his hand or foot in all the land of .

 And  called Joseph's name Zaphnathpaaneah; and he gave him to wife  the daughter of   of On. And  went out over all the land of .

 And  was thirty years old when he stood before   of . And  went out from the presence of , and went throughout all the land of .

 And in the  plenteous years the earth brought forth by handfuls.

 And he gathered up all the food of the  years, which were in the land of , and laid up the food in the cities: the food of the field, which was round about every city, laid he up in the same.

 And  gathered  as the sand of the sea, very much, until he left numbering; for it was without number.

 And unto  were born two sons before the years of  came, which  the daughter of   of On bare unto him.

 And  called the name of the firstborn : For God, said he, hath made me forget all my toil, and all my father's house.

 And the name of the second called he : For God hath caused me to be fruitful in the land of my affliction.

 And the  years of plenteousness, that was in the land of , were ended.

 And the  years of  began to come, according as  had said: and the  was in all lands; but in all the land of  there was .

 And when all the land of  was famished, the people cried to  for : and  said unto all the Egyptians, Go unto ; what he saith to you, do.

 And the  was over all the face of the earth: and  opened all the storehouses, and sold unto the Egyptians; and the  waxed sore in the land of .

 And all countries came into  to  for to buy ; because that the  was so sore in all lands.
