King James Version:
Kings (
Kings):
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
Now   was old and stricken in years; and they covered him with clothes, but he gat no heat.

 Wherefore his servants said unto him, Let there be sought for my lord the  a young : and let her stand before the , and let her cherish him, and let her lie in thy , that my lord the  may get heat.

 So they sought for a fair damsel throughout all the coasts of , and found  a , and brought her to the .

 And the damsel was very fair, and cherished the , and ministered to him: but the  knew her not.

 Then  the son of  exalted himself, saying, I will be : and he prepared him chariots and horsemen, and fifty men to run before him.

 And his father had not displeased him at any time in saying, Why hast thou done so? and he also was a very goodly man; and his mother bare him after .

 And he conferred with  the son of , and with  the : and they following  helped him.

 But  the , and  the son of , and  the , and , and , and the mighty men which belonged to , were not with .

 And  slew  and oxen and   by the  of , which is by Enrogel, and called all his brethren the king's sons, and all the men of  the king's servants:

 But  the , and , and the mighty men, and  his brother, he called not.

 Wherefore  spake unto Bathsheba the mother of , saying, Hast thou not heard that  the son of  doth reign, and  our lord knoweth it not?

 Now therefore come, let me, I pray thee, give thee counsel, that thou mayest save thine own life, and the life of thy son .

 Go and get thee in unto  , and say unto him, Didst not thou, my lord, O , swear unto thine , saying, Assuredly  thy son shall reign after me, and he shall sit upon my ? why then doth  reign?

 Behold, while thou yet talkest there with the , I also will come in after thee, and confirm thy words.

 And Bathsheba went in unto the  into the : and the  was very old; and  the  ministered unto the .

 And Bathsheba bowed, and did  unto the . And the  said, What wouldest thou?

 And she said unto him, My lord, thou swarest by the LORD thy God unto thine , saying, Assuredly  thy son shall reign after me, and he shall sit upon my .

 And now, behold,  reigneth; and now, my lord the , thou knowest it not:

 And he hath slain oxen and   and  in abundance, and hath called all the sons of the , and  the , and  the captain of the : but  thy servant hath he not called.

 And thou, my lord, O , the eyes of all  are upon thee, that thou shouldest tell them who shall sit on the  of my lord the  after him.

 Otherwise it shall come to pass, when my lord the  shall sleep with his fathers, that I and my son  shall be counted offenders.

 And, lo, while she yet talked with the ,  the  also came in.

 And they told the , saying, Behold  the . And when he was come in before the , he bowed himself before the  with his face to the ground.

 And  said, My lord, O , hast thou said,  shall reign after me, and he shall sit upon my ?

 For he is gone down this day, and hath slain oxen and   and  in abundance, and hath called all the king's sons, and the captains of the , and  the ; and, behold, they eat and  before him, and say, God save  .

 But me, even me thy servant, and  the , and  the son of , and thy servant , hath he not called.

 Is this thing done by my lord the , and thou hast not shewed it unto thy servant, who should sit on the  of my lord the  after him?

 Then   answered and said, Call me Bathsheba. And she came into the king's presence, and stood before the .

 And the  sware, and said, As the LORD liveth, that hath redeemed my soul out of all distress,

 Even as I sware unto thee by the LORD God of , saying, Assuredly  thy son shall reign after me, and he shall sit upon my  in my stead; even so will I certainly do this day.

 Then Bathsheba bowed with her face to the earth, and did reverence to the , and said, Let my lord   live for ever.

 And   said, Call me  the , and  the , and  the son of . And they came before the .

 The  also said unto them, Take with you the servants of your lord, and cause  my son to ride upon mine own , and bring him down to :

 And let  the  and  the   him there  over : and blow ye with the trumpet, and say, God save  .

 Then ye shall come up after him, that he may come and sit upon my ; for he shall be  in my stead: and I have appointed him to be ruler over  and over .

 And  the son of  answered the , and said, : the LORD God of my lord the  say so too.

 As the LORD hath been with my lord the , even so be he with , and make his  greater than the  of my lord  .

 So  the , and  the , and  the son of , and the Cherethites, and the , went down, and caused  to ride upon  David's , and brought him to .

 And  the  took an  of oil out of the , and anointed . And they blew the trumpet; and all the people said, God save  .

 And all the people came up after him, and the people piped with pipes, and rejoiced with great joy, so that the earth  with the sound of them.

 And  and all the guests that were with him heard it as they had made an end of . And when  heard the sound of the trumpet, he said, Wherefore is this noise of the city being in an uproar?

 And while he yet spake, behold,  the son of  the  came; and  said unto him, Come in; for thou art a valiant man, and bringest good tidings.

 And  answered and said to , Verily our lord   hath made  .

 And the  hath sent with him  the , and  the , and  the son of , and the Cherethites, and the , and they have caused him to ride upon the king's :

 And  the  and  the  have anointed him  in : and they are come up from thence rejoicing, so that the city rang again. This is the noise that ye have heard.

 And also  sitteth on the  of the kingdom.

 And moreover the king's servants came to  our lord  , saying, God make the name of  better than thy name, and make his  greater than thy . And the  bowed himself upon the bed.

 And also thus said the , Blessed be the LORD God of , which hath given one to sit on my  this day, mine eyes even seeing it.

 And all the guests that were with  were afraid, and rose up, and went every man his way.

 And  feared because of , and arose, and went, and caught hold on the horns of the .

 And it was told , saying, Behold,  feareth  : for, lo, he hath caught hold on the horns of the , saying, Let   swear unto me today that he will not slay his servant with the .

 And  said, If he will shew himself a worthy man, there shall not an hair of him fall to the earth: but if wickedness shall be found in him, he shall die.

 So   sent, and they brought him down from the . And he came and bowed himself to  : and  said unto him, Go to thine house.
