King James Version:
Kings (
Kings):
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
And it came to pass, when  had finished the building of the house of the LORD, and the king's house, and all Solomon's desire which he was pleased to do,

 That the LORD appeared to  the second time, as he had appeared unto him at .

 And the LORD said unto him, I have heard thy  and thy supplication, that thou hast made before me: I have hallowed this house, which thou hast built, to put my name there for ever; and mine eyes and mine heart shall be there perpetually.

 And if thou wilt walk before me, as  thy father walked, in integrity of heart, and in uprightness, to do according to all that I have commanded thee, and wilt keep my statutes and my judgments:

 Then I will establish the  of thy kingdom upon  for ever, as I promised to  thy father, saying, There shall not fail thee a man upon the  of .

 But if ye shall at all turn from following me, ye or your children, and will not keep my commandments and my statutes which I have set before you, but go and serve other gods, and  them:

 Then will I cut off  out of the land which I have given them; and this house, which I have hallowed for my name, will I cast out of my sight; and  shall be a  and a byword among all people:

 And at this house, which is high, every one that passeth by it shall be astonished, and shall ; and they shall say, Why hath the LORD done thus unto this land, and to this house?

 And they shall answer, Because they forsook the LORD their God, who brought forth their fathers out of the land of , and have taken hold upon other gods, and have worshipped them, and served them: therefore hath the LORD brought upon them all this evil.

 And it came to pass at the end of twenty years, when  had built the two houses, the house of the LORD, and the king's house,

 (Now  the  of  had furnished  with  trees and  trees, and with , according to all his desire,) that then   gave  twenty cities in the land of .

 And  came out from  to see the cities which  had given him; and they pleased him not.

 And he said, What cities are these which thou hast given me, my brother? And he called them the land of  unto this day.

 And  sent to the  sixscore talents of .

 And this is the reason of the  which   raised; for to build the house of the LORD, and his own house, and , and the wall of , and , and , and .

 For   of  had gone up, and taken , and burnt it with fire, and slain the  that dwelt in the city, and given it for a present unto his daughter, Solomon's wife.

 And  built , and Bethhoron the nether,

 And , and  in the , in the land,

 And all the cities of store that  had, and cities for his chariots, and cities for his horsemen, and that which  desired to build in , and in , and in all the land of his dominion.

 And all the people that were left of the , , , , and , which were not of the children of ,

 Their children that were left after them in the land, whom the children of  also were not able utterly to destroy, upon those did   a  of bondservice unto this day.

 But of the children of  did  make no bondmen: but they were men of war, and his servants, and his princes, and his captains, and rulers of his chariots, and his horsemen.

 These were the chief of the officers that were over Solomon's work, five hundred and fifty, which bare rule over the people that wrought in the work.

 But Pharaoh's daughter came up out of the city of  unto her house which  had built for her: then did he build .

 And three times in a year did  offer burnt offerings and peace offerings upon the  which he built unto the LORD, and he burnt  upon the  that was before the LORD. So he finished the house.

 And   made a navy of  in Eziongeber, which is beside Eloth, on the shore of the Red sea, in the land of .

 And  sent in the navy his servants, shipmen that had knowledge of the sea, with the servants of .

 And they came to , and fetched from thence , four hundred and twenty talents, and brought it to  .
