King James Version:
Kings (
Kings):
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
But   loved many strange women, together with the daughter of , women of the Moabites, Ammonites, Edomites, Zidonians, and :

 Of the nations concerning which the LORD said unto the children of , Ye shall not go in to them, neither shall they come in unto you: for surely they will turn away your heart after their gods:  clave unto these in love.

 And he had  hundred wives, princesses, and three hundred concubines: and his wives turned away his heart.

 For it came to pass, when  was old, that his wives turned away his heart after other gods: and his heart was not perfect with the LORD his God, as was the heart of  his father.

 For  went after  the goddess of the Zidonians, and after Milcom the  of the Ammonites.

 And  did evil in the sight of the LORD, and went not fully after the LORD, as did  his father.

 Then did  build an high place for , the  of , in the hill that is before , and for Molech, the  of the children of .

 And likewise did he for all his strange wives, which burnt  and sacrificed unto their gods.

 And the LORD was angry with , because his heart was turned from the LORD God of , which had appeared unto him twice,

 And had commanded him concerning this thing, that he should not go after other gods: but he kept not that which the LORD commanded.

 Wherefore the LORD said unto , Forasmuch as this is done of thee, and thou hast not kept my  and my statutes, which I have commanded thee, I will surely rend the kingdom from thee, and will give it to thy servant.

 Notwithstanding in thy days I will not do it for  thy father's sake: but I will rend it out of the hand of thy son.

 Howbeit I will not rend away all the kingdom; but will give one  to thy son for  my servant's sake, and for Jerusalem's sake which I have .

 And the LORD stirred up an  unto ,  the Edomite: he was of the king's seed in .

 For it came to pass, when  was in , and  the captain of the  was gone up to bury the slain, after he had smitten every male in ;

 (For six months did  remain there with all , until he had cut off every male in :)

 That  fled, he and certain Edomites of his father's servants with him, to go into ;  being yet a little child.

 And they arose out of , and came to : and they took men with them out of , and they came to , unto   of ; which gave him an house, and appointed him victuals, and gave him land.

 And  found great favour in the sight of , so that he gave him to wife the sister of his own wife, the sister of  the .

 And the sister of  bare him  his son, whom  weaned in Pharaoh's house: and  was in Pharaoh's household among the sons of .

 And when  heard in  that  slept with his fathers, and that  the captain of the  was dead,  said to , Let me depart, that I may go to mine own country.

 Then  said unto him, But what hast thou lacked with me, that, behold, thou seekest to go to thine own country? And he answered, Nothing: howbeit let me go in any .

 And God stirred him up another ,  the son of Eliadah, which fled from his lord   of :

 And he gathered men unto him, and became captain over a band, when  slew them of : and they went to , and dwelt therein, and reigned in .

 And he was an  to  all the days of , beside the mischief that  did: and he abhorred , and reigned over .

 And  the son of , an  of , Solomon's servant, whose mother's name was , a widow woman, even he lifted up his hand against the .

 And this was the cause that he lifted up his hand against the :  built , and repaired the breaches of the city of  his father.

 And the man  was a mighty man of valour: and  seeing the young man that he was industrious, he made him ruler over all the charge of the house of .

 And it came to pass at that time when  went out of , that the   the  found him in the way; and he had clad himself with a new garment; and they two were alone in the field:

 And  caught the new garment that was on him, and  it in twelve :

 And he said to , Take thee ten : for thus saith the LORD, the God of , Behold, I will rend the kingdom out of the hand of , and will give ten tribes to thee:

 (But he shall have one  for my servant David's sake, and for Jerusalem's sake, the city which I have  out of all the tribes of :)

 Because that they have forsaken me, and have worshipped  the goddess of the Zidonians,  the god of the Moabites, and Milcom the god of the children of , and have not walked in my ways, to do that which is right in mine eyes, and to keep my statutes and my judgments, as did  his father.

 Howbeit I will not take the whole kingdom out of his hand: but I will make him  all the days of his life for  my servant's sake, whom I chose, because he kept my commandments and my statutes:

 But I will take the kingdom out of his son's hand, and will give it unto thee, even ten tribes.

 And unto his son will I give one , that  my servant may have a light alway before me in , the city which I have  me to put my name there.

 And I will take thee, and thou shalt reign according to all that thy soul desireth, and shalt be  over .

 And it shall be, if thou wilt hearken unto all that I command thee, and wilt walk in my ways, and do that is right in my sight, to keep my statutes and my commandments, as  my servant did; that I will be with thee, and build thee a sure house, as I built for , and will give  unto thee.

 And I will for this afflict the seed of , but not for ever.

  sought therefore to kill . And  arose, and fled into , unto Shishak  of , and was in  until the death of .

 And the rest of the acts of , and all that he did, and his wisdom, are they not written in the book of the acts of ?

 And the time that  reigned in  over all  was forty years.

 And  slept with his fathers, and was buried in the city of  his father: and  his son reigned in his stead.
