King James Version:
Kings (
Kings):
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
Then the word of the LORD came to  the son of  against , saying,

 Forasmuch as I exalted thee out of the , and made thee  over my people ; and thou hast walked in the way of , and hast made my people  to , to provoke me to  with their sins;

 Behold, I will take away the posterity of , and the posterity of his house; and will make thy house like the house of  the son of .

 Him that dieth of  in the city shall the dogs eat; and him that dieth of his in the fields shall the fowls of the air eat.

 Now the rest of the acts of , and what he did, and his might, are they not written in the book of the  of the kings of ?

 So  slept with his fathers, and was buried in Tirzah: and  his son reigned in his stead.

 And also by the hand of the   the son of  came the word of the LORD against , and against his house, even for all the evil that he did in the sight of the LORD, in provoking him to  with the work of his hands, in being like the house of ; and because he killed him.

 In the twenty and sixth year of   of  began  the son of  to reign over  in Tirzah, two years.

 And his servant , captain of half his chariots, conspired against him, as he was in Tirzah, drinking himself  in the house of Arza steward of his house in Tirzah.

 And  went in and smote him, and killed him, in the twenty and seventh year of   of , and reigned in his stead.

 And it came to pass, when he began to reign, as soon as he sat on his , that he slew all the house of : he left him not one that pisseth against a wall, neither of his kinsfolks, nor of his friends.

 Thus did  destroy all the house of , according to the word of the LORD, which he spake against  by  the .

 For all the sins of , and the sins of  his son, by which they sinned, and by which they made  to , in provoking the LORD God of  to  with their vanities.

 Now the rest of the acts of , and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the  of the kings of ?

 In the twenty and seventh year of   of  did  reign  days in Tirzah. And the people were encamped against , which belonged to the .

 And the people that were encamped heard say,  hath conspired, and hath also slain the : wherefore all  made , the captain of the ,  over  that day in the .

 And  went up from , and all  with him, and they besieged Tirzah.

 And it came to pass, when  saw that the city was taken, that he went into the  of the king's house, and burnt the king's house over him with fire, and died.

 For his sins which he sinned in doing evil in the sight of the LORD, in walking in the way of , and in his  which he did, to make  to .

 Now the rest of the acts of , and his treason that he wrought, are they not written in the book of the  of the kings of ?

 Then were the people of  divided into two parts: half of the people followed  the son of Ginath, to make him ; and half followed .

 But the people that followed  prevailed against the people that followed  the son of Ginath: so  died, and  reigned.

 In the thirty and first year of   of  began  to reign over , twelve years: six years reigned he in Tirzah.

 And he bought the hill  of Shemer for two talents of , and built on the hill, and called the name of the city which he built, after the name of Shemer, owner of the hill, .

 But  wrought evil in the eyes of the LORD, and did worse than all that were before him.

 For he walked in all the way of  the son of , and in his  wherewith he made  to , to provoke the LORD God of  to  with their vanities.

 Now the rest of the acts of  which he did, and his might that he shewed, are they not written in the book of the  of the kings of ?

 So  slept with his fathers, and was buried in : and  his son reigned in his stead.

 And in the thirty and eighth year of   of  began  the son of  to reign over : and  the son of  reigned over  in  twenty and two years.

 And  the son of  did evil in the sight of the LORD above all that were before him.

 And it came to pass, as if it had been a light thing for him to walk in the sins of  the son of , that he took to wife  the daughter of Ethbaal  of the Zidonians, and went and served , and worshipped him.

 And he reared up an  for  in the house of , which he had built in .

 And  made a ; and  did more to provoke the LORD God of  to  than all the kings of  that were before him.

 In his days did  the  build : he laid the foundation thereof in  his firstborn, and set up the gates thereof in his youngest son , according to the word of the LORD, which he spake by  the son of .
