King James Version:
Kings (
Kings):
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
Now the days of  drew nigh that he should die; and he charged  his son, saying,

 I go the way of all the earth: be thou strong therefore, and shew thyself a man;

 And keep the charge of the LORD thy God, to walk in his ways, to keep his statutes, and his commandments, and his judgments, and his testimonies, as it is written in the law of , that thou mayest prosper in all that thou doest, and whithersoever thou turnest thyself:

 That the LORD may continue his word which he spake concerning me, saying, If thy children take heed to their way, to walk before me in truth with all their heart and with all their soul, there shall not fail thee (said he) a man on the  of .

 Moreover thou knowest also what  the son of  did to me, and what he did to the two captains of the hosts of , unto  the son of , and unto  the son of , whom he slew, and shed the  of war in peace, and put the  of war upon his  that was about his loins, and in his shoes that were on his feet.

 Do therefore according to thy wisdom, and let not his hoar head go down to the  in peace.

 But shew kindness unto the sons of  the Gileadite, and let them be of those that eat at thy table: for so they came to me when I fled because of  thy brother.

 And, behold, thou hast with thee  the son of , a Benjamite of , which cursed me with a grievous  in the day when I went to : but he came down to meet me at , and I sware to him by the LORD, saying, I will not put thee to death with the .

 Now therefore hold him not guiltless: for thou art a  man, and knowest what thou oughtest to do unto him; but his hoar head bring thou down to the  with .

 So  slept with his fathers, and was buried in the city of .

 And the days that  reigned over  were forty years:  years reigned he in , and thirty and three years reigned he in .

 Then sat  upon the  of  his father; and his kingdom was established greatly.

 And  the son of  came to Bathsheba the mother of . And she said, Comest thou peaceably? And he said, Peaceably.

 He said moreover, I have somewhat to say unto thee. And she said, Say on.

 And he said, Thou knowest that the kingdom was mine, and that all  set their faces on me, that I should reign: howbeit the kingdom is turned about, and is become my brother's: for it was his from the LORD.

 And now I ask one petition of thee, deny me not. And she said unto him, Say on.

 And he said, Speak, I pray thee, unto  the , (for he will not say thee nay,) that he give me  the  to wife.

 And Bathsheba said, Well; I will speak for thee unto the .

 Bathsheba therefore went unto  , to speak unto him for . And the  rose up to meet her, and bowed himself unto her, and sat down on his , and caused a seat to be set for the king's mother; and she sat on his right hand.

 Then she said, I desire one small petition of thee; I pray thee, say me not nay. And the  said unto her, Ask on, my mother: for I will not say thee nay.

 And she said, Let  the  be given to  thy brother to wife.

 And   answered and said unto his mother, And why dost thou ask  the  for ? ask for him the kingdom also; for he is mine  brother; even for him, and for  the , and for  the son of .

 Then   sware by the LORD, saying, God do so to me, and more also, if  have not spoken this word against his own life.

 Now therefore, as the LORD liveth, which hath established me, and set me on the  of  my father, and who hath made me an house, as he promised,  shall be put to death this day.

 And   sent by the hand of  the son of ; and he fell upon him that he died.

 And unto  the  said the , Get thee to , unto thine own fields; for thou art worthy of death: but I will not at this time put thee to death, because thou barest the  of the LORD God before  my father, and because thou hast been afflicted in all wherein my father was afflicted.

 So  thrust out  from being  unto the LORD; that he might fulfil the word of the LORD, which he spake concerning the house of  in .

 Then tidings came to : for  had turned after , though he turned not after . And  fled unto the  of the LORD, and caught hold on the horns of the .

 And it was told   that  was fled unto the  of the LORD; and, behold, he is by the . Then  sent  the son of , saying, Go, fall upon him.

 And  came to the  of the LORD, and said unto him, Thus saith the , Come forth. And he said, Nay; but I will die here. And  brought the  word again, saying, Thus said , and thus he answered me.

 And the  said unto him, Do as he hath said, and fall upon him, and bury him; that thou mayest take away the innocent , which  shed, from me, and from the house of my father.

 And the LORD shall return his  upon his own head, who fell upon two men more righteous and better than he, and slew them with the , my father  not knowing thereof, to wit,  the son of , captain of the  of , and  the son of , captain of the  of .

 Their  shall therefore return upon the head of , and upon the head of his seed for ever: but upon , and upon his seed, and upon his house, and upon his , shall there be peace for ever from the LORD.

 So  the son of  went up, and fell upon him, and slew him: and he was buried in his own house in the .

 And the  put  the son of  in his room over the : and  the  did the  put in the room of .

 And the  sent and called for , and said unto him, Build thee an house in , and dwell there, and go not forth thence any whither.

 For it shall be, that on the day thou goest out, and passest over the  , thou shalt know for certain that thou shalt surely die: thy  shall be upon thine own head.

 And  said unto the , The saying is good: as my lord the  hath said, so will thy servant do. And  dwelt in  many days.

 And it came to pass at the end of three years, that two of the servants of  ran away unto  son of   of . And they told , saying, Behold, thy servants be in .

 And  arose, and saddled his , and went to  to  to seek his servants: and  went, and brought his servants from .

 And it was told  that  had gone from  to , and was come again.

 And the  sent and called for , and said unto him, Did I not make thee to swear by the LORD, and protested unto thee, saying, Know for a certain, on the day thou goest out, and walkest abroad any whither, that thou shalt surely die? and thou saidst unto me, The word that I have heard is good.

 Why then hast thou not kept the  of the LORD, and the commandment that I have charged thee with?

 The  said moreover to , Thou knowest all the wickedness which thine heart is privy to, that thou didst to  my father: therefore the LORD shall return thy wickedness upon thine own head;

 And   shall be blessed, and the  of  shall be established before the LORD for ever.

 So the  commanded  the son of ; which went out, and fell upon him, that he died. And the kingdom was established in the hand of .
