King James Version:
Kings (
Kings):
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
And  the , who was of the inhabitants of , said unto , As the LORD God of  liveth, before whom I stand, there shall not be  nor  these years, but according to my word.

 And the word of the LORD came unto him, saying,

 Get thee hence, and turn thee eastward, and hide thyself by the  , that is before .

 And it shall be, that thou shalt  of the ; and I have commanded the ravens to feed thee there.

 So he went and did according unto the word of the LORD: for he went and dwelt by the  , that is before .

 And the ravens brought him  and  in the morning, and  and  in the evening; and he drank of the .

 And it came to pass after a while, that the  dried up, because there had been no  in the land.

 And the word of the LORD came unto him, saying,

 Arise, get thee to , which belongeth to , and dwell there: behold, I have commanded a widow woman there to sustain thee.

 So he arose and went to . And when he came to the  of the city, behold, the widow woman was there gathering of sticks: and he called to her, and said, Fetch me, I pray thee, a little water in a vessel, that I may .

 And as she was going to fetch it, he called to her, and said, Bring me, I pray thee, a morsel of  in thine hand.

 And she said, As the LORD thy God liveth, I have not a , but an handful of meal in a , and a little oil in a : and, behold, I am gathering two sticks, that I may go in and  it for me and my son, that we may eat it, and die.

 And  said unto her, Fear not; go and do as thou hast said: but make me thereof a little  first, and bring it unto me, and after make for thee and for thy son.

 For thus saith the LORD God of , The  of meal shall not waste, neither shall the  of oil fail, until the day that the LORD sendeth  upon the earth.

 And she went and did according to the saying of : and she, and he, and her house, did eat many days.

 And the  of meal wasted not, neither did the  of oil fail, according to the word of the LORD, which he spake by .

 And it came to pass after these things, that the son of the woman, the mistress of the house, fell sick; and his sickness was so sore, that there was no breath left in him.

 And she said unto , What have I to do with thee, O thou man of God? art thou come unto me to call my  to remembrance, and to slay my son?

 And he said unto her, Give me thy son. And he took him out of her , and carried him up into a loft, where he abode, and laid him upon his own bed.

 And he cried unto the LORD, and said, O LORD my God, hast thou also brought evil upon the widow with whom I sojourn, by slaying her son?

 And he stretched himself upon the child three times, and cried unto the LORD, and said, O LORD my God, I pray thee, let this child's soul come into him again.

 And the LORD heard the voice of ; and the soul of the child came into him again, and he revived.

 And  took the child, and brought him down out of the  into the house, and delivered him unto his mother: and  said, See, thy son liveth.

 And the woman said to , Now by this I know that thou art a man of God, and that the word of the LORD in thy mouth is truth.
