King James Version:
Kings (
Kings):
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
And  told  all that  had done, and withal how he had slain all the prophets with the .

 Then  sent a  unto , saying, So let the gods do to me, and more also, if I make not thy life as the life of one of them by to morrow about this time.

 And when he saw that, he arose, and went for his life, and came to , which belongeth to , and left his servant there.

 But he himself went a day's  into the , and came and sat down under a  tree: and he requested for himself that he might die; and said, It is enough; now, O LORD, take away my life; for I am not better than my fathers.

 And as he lay and slept under a  tree, behold, then an  touched him, and said unto him, Arise and eat.

 And he looked, and, behold, there was a  baken on the coals, and a  of water at his head. And he did eat and , and laid him down again.

 And the  of the LORD came again the second time, and touched him, and said, Arise and eat; because the  is too great for thee.

 And he arose, and did eat and , and went in the strength of that meat forty days and forty nights unto  the  of God.

 And he came thither unto a , and lodged there; and, behold, the word of the LORD came to him, and he said unto him, What doest thou here, ?

 And he said, I have been very jealous for the LORD God of hosts: for the children of  have forsaken thy , thrown down thine altars, and slain thy prophets with the ; and I, even I only, am left; and they seek my life, to take it away.

 And he said, Go forth, and stand upon the  before the LORD. And, behold, the LORD passed by, and a great and strong wind  the mountains, and brake in  the rocks before the LORD; but the LORD was not in the wind: and after the wind an ; but the LORD was not in the :

 And after the  a fire; but the LORD was not in the fire: and after the fire a still small voice.

 And it was so, when  heard it, that he wrapped his face in his , and went out, and stood in the entering in of the . And, behold, there came a voice unto him, and said, What doest thou here, ?

 And he said, I have been very jealous for the LORD God of hosts: because the children of  have forsaken thy , thrown down thine altars, and slain thy prophets with the ; and I, even I only, am left; and they seek my life, to take it away.

 And the LORD said unto him, Go, return on thy way to the  of : and when thou comest,   to be  over :

 And  the son of  shalt thou  to be  over : and  the son of  of Abelmeholah shalt thou  to be  in thy room.

 And it shall come to pass, that him that escapeth the  of  shall  slay: and him that escapeth from the  of  shall  slay.

 Yet I have left me  thousand in , all the knees which have not bowed unto , and every mouth which hath not kissed him.

 So he departed thence, and found  the son of , who was plowing with twelve  of oxen before him, and he with the twelfth: and  passed by him, and cast his  upon him.

 And he left the oxen, and ran after , and said, Let me, I pray thee,  my father and my mother, and then I will follow thee. And he said unto him, Go back again: for what have I done to thee?

 And he returned back from him, and took a  of oxen, and slew them, and boiled their  with the instruments of the oxen, and gave unto the people, and they did eat. Then he arose, and went after , and ministered unto him.
