King James Version:
Kings (
Kings):
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
And it came to pass after many days, that the word of the LORD came to  in the third year, saying, Go, shew thyself unto ; and I will send  upon the earth.

 And  went to shew himself unto . And there was a sore  in .

 And  called , which was the governor of his house. (Now  feared the LORD greatly:

 For it was so, when  cut off the prophets of the LORD, that  took an hundred prophets, and hid them by fifty in a , and fed them with  and water.)

 And  said unto , Go into the land, unto all fountains of water, and unto all brooks: peradventure we may find  to save the horses and mules alive, that we lose not all the beasts.

 So they divided the land between them to pass throughout it:  went one way by himself, and  went another way by himself.

 And as  was in the way, behold,  met him: and he knew him, and fell on his face, and said, Art thou that my lord ?

 And he answered him, I am: go, tell thy lord, Behold,  is here.

 And he said, What have I sinned, that thou wouldest deliver thy servant into the hand of , to slay me?

 As the LORD thy God liveth, there is no nation or kingdom, whither my lord hath not sent to seek thee: and when they said, He is not there; he took an  of the kingdom and nation, that they found thee not.

 And now thou sayest, Go, tell thy lord, Behold,  is here.

 And it shall come to pass, as soon as I am gone from thee, that the  of the LORD shall carry thee whither I know not; and so when I come and tell , and he cannot find thee, he shall slay me: but I thy servant fear the LORD from my youth.

 Was it not told my lord what I did when  slew the prophets of the LORD, how I hid an hundred men of the LORD's prophets by fifty in a , and fed them with  and water?

 And now thou sayest, Go, tell thy lord, Behold,  is here: and he shall slay me.

 And  said, As the LORD of hosts liveth, before whom I stand, I will surely shew myself unto him to day.

 So  went to meet , and told him: and  went to meet .

 And it came to pass, when  saw , that  said unto him, Art thou he that troubleth ?

 And he answered, I have not troubled ; but thou, and thy father's house, in that ye have forsaken the commandments of the LORD, and thou hast followed .

 Now therefore send, and gather to me all  unto  , and the prophets of  four hundred and fifty, and the prophets of the groves four hundred, which eat at Jezebel's table.

 So  sent unto all the children of , and gathered the prophets together unto  .

 And  came unto all the people, and said, How long  ye between two opinions? if the LORD be God, follow him: but if , then follow him. And the people answered him not a word.

 Then said  unto the people, I, even I only, remain a  of the LORD; but Baal's prophets are four hundred and fifty men.

 Let them therefore give us two bullocks; and let them choose one  for themselves, and cut it in , and lay it on , and put no fire under: and I will  the other , and lay it on , and put no fire under:

 And call ye on the name of your gods, and I will call on the name of the LORD: and the God that answereth by fire, let him be God. And all the people answered and said, It is well spoken.

 And  said unto the prophets of , Choose you one  for yourselves, and  it first; for ye are many; and call on the name of your gods, but put no fire under.

 And they took the  which was given them, and they dressed it, and called on the name of  from morning even until noon, saying, O , hear us. But there was no voice, nor any that answered. And they leaped upon the  which was made.

 And it came to pass at noon, that  mocked them, and said, Cry aloud: for he is a god; either he is talking, or he is pursuing, or he is in a , or peradventure he sleepeth, and must be awaked.

 And they cried aloud, and cut themselves after their manner with knives and lancets, till the  gushed out upon them.

 And it came to pass, when midday was past, and they prophesied until the time of the  of the evening , that there was neither voice, nor any to answer, nor any that regarded.

 And  said unto all the people, Come near unto me. And all the people came near unto him. And he repaired the  of the LORD that was broken down.

 And  took twelve stones, according to the number of the tribes of the sons of , unto whom the word of the LORD came, saying,  shall be thy name:

 And with the stones he built an  in the name of the LORD: and he made a trench about the , as great as would contain two measures of seed.

 And he put the  in order, and cut the  in , and laid him on the , and said, Fill four barrels with water, and pour it on the burnt , and on the .

 And he said, Do it the second time. And they did it the second time. And he said, Do it the third time. And they did it the third time.

 And the water ran round about the ; and he filled the trench also with water.

 And it came to pass at the time of the  of the evening , that  the  came near, and said, LORD God of , , and of , let it be known this day that thou art God in , and that I am thy servant, and that I have done all these things at thy word.

 Hear me, O LORD, hear me, that this people may know that thou art the LORD God, and that thou hast turned their heart back again.

 Then the fire of the LORD fell, and consumed the burnt , and the , and the stones, and the , and licked up the water that was in the trench.

 And when all the people saw it, they fell on their faces: and they said, The LORD, he is the God; the LORD, he is the God.

 And  said unto them, Take the prophets of ; let not one of them escape. And they took them: and  brought them down to the  , and slew them there.

 And  said unto , Get thee up, eat and ; for there is a sound of abundance of .

 So  went up to eat and to . And  went up to the top of ; and he cast himself down upon the earth, and put his face between his knees,

 And said to his servant, Go up now, look toward the sea. And he went up, and looked, and said, There is nothing. And he said, Go again  times.

 And it came to pass at the seventh time, that he said, Behold, there ariseth a little  out of the sea, like a man's hand. And he said, Go up, say unto , Prepare thy , and get thee down that the  stop thee not.

 And it came to pass in the mean while, that the  was black with clouds and wind, and there was a great . And  rode, and went to .

 And the hand of the LORD was on ; and he girded up his loins, and ran before  to the entrance of .
