King James Version:
Kings (
Kings):
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
At that time  the son of  fell sick.

 And  said to his wife, Arise, I pray thee, and disguise thyself, that thou be not known to be the wife of ; and get thee to : behold, there is  the , which told me that I should be  over this people.

 And take with thee ten loaves, and cracknels, and a  of , and go to him: he shall tell thee what shall become of the child.

 And Jeroboam's wife did so, and arose, and went to , and came to the house of . But  could not see; for his eyes were set by reason of his age.

 And the LORD said unto , Behold, the wife of  cometh to ask a thing of thee for her son; for he is sick: thus and thus shalt thou say unto her: for it shall be, when she cometh in, that she shall feign herself to be another woman.

 And it was so, when  heard the sound of her feet, as she came in at the door, that he said, Come in, thou wife of ; why feignest thou thyself to be another? for I am sent to thee with heavy tidings.

 Go, tell , Thus saith the LORD God of , Forasmuch as I exalted thee from among the people, and made thee  over my people ,

 And  the kingdom away from the house of , and gave it thee: and yet thou hast not been as my servant , who kept my commandments, and who followed me with all his heart, to do that only which was right in mine eyes;

 But hast done evil above all that were before thee: for thou hast gone and made thee other gods, and molten images, to provoke me to , and hast cast me behind thy back:

 Therefore, behold, I will bring evil upon the house of , and will cut off from  him that pisseth against the wall, and him that is shut up and left in , and will take away the remnant of the house of , as a man taketh away , till it be all gone.

 Him that dieth of  in the city shall the dogs eat; and him that dieth in the field shall the fowls of the air eat: for the LORD hath spoken it.

 Arise thou therefore, get thee to thine own house: and when thy feet enter into the city, the child shall die.

 And all  shall  for him, and bury him: for he only of  shall come to the , because in him there is found some good thing toward the LORD God of  in the house of .

 Moreover the LORD shall raise him up a  over , who shall cut off the house of  that day: but what? even now.

 For the LORD shall smite , as a  is shaken in the water, and he shall root up  out of this good land, which he gave to their fathers, and shall scatter them beyond the river, because they have made their groves, provoking the LORD to .

 And he shall give  up because of the sins of , who did , and who made  to .

 And Jeroboam's wife arose, and departed, and came to Tirzah: and when she came to the  of the door, the child died;

 And they buried him; and all  mourned for him, according to the word of the LORD, which he spake by the hand of his servant  the .

 And the rest of the acts of , how he warred, and how he reigned, behold, they are written in the book of the  of the kings of .

 And the days which  reigned were two and twenty years: and he slept with his fathers, and  his son reigned in his stead.

 And  the son of  reigned in .  was forty and one years old when he began to reign, and he reigned seventeen years in , the city which the LORD did choose out of all the tribes of , to put his name there. And his mother's name was  an Ammonitess.

 And  did evil in the sight of the LORD, and they provoked him to  with their sins which they had committed, above all that their fathers had done.

 For they also built them high places, and images, and groves, on every high hill, and under every green tree.

 And there were also  in the land: and they did according to all the abominations of the nations which the LORD cast out before the children of .

 And it came to pass in the fifth year of  , that Shishak  of  came up against :

 And he took away the treasures of the house of the LORD, and the treasures of the king's house; he even took away all: and he took away all the shields of  which  had made.

 And   made in their stead brasen shields, and committed them unto the hands of the chief of the , which kept the door of the king's house.

 And it was so, when the  went into the house of the LORD, that the  bare them, and brought them back into the  .

 Now the rest of the acts of , and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the  of the kings of ?

 And there was war between  and  all their days.

 And  slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of . And his mother's name was  an Ammonitess. And  his son reigned in his stead.
