King James Version:
Kings (
Kings):
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
And  went to : for all  were come to  to make him .

 And it came to pass, when  the son of , who was yet in , heard of it, (for he was fled from the presence of  , and  dwelt in ;)

 That they sent and called him. And  and all the  of  came, and spake unto , saying,

 Thy father made our  grievous: now therefore make thou the grievous service of thy father, and his heavy  which he put upon us, lighter, and we will serve thee.

 And he said unto them, Depart yet for three days, then come again to me. And the people departed.

 And   consulted with the old men, that stood before  his father while he yet lived, and said, How do ye advise that I may answer this people?

 And they spake unto him, saying, If thou wilt be a servant unto this people this day, and wilt serve them, and answer them, and speak good words to them, then they will be thy servants for ever.

 But he forsook the counsel of the old men, which they had given him, and consulted with the young men that were grown up with him, and which stood before him:

 And he said unto them, What counsel give ye that we may answer this people, who have spoken to me, saying, Make the  which thy father did put upon us lighter?

 And the young men that were grown up with him spake unto him, saying, Thus shalt thou speak unto this people that spake unto thee, saying, Thy father made our  heavy, but make thou it lighter unto us; thus shalt thou say unto them, My little finger shall be thicker than my father's loins.

 And now whereas my father did lade you with a heavy , I will add to your : my father hath chastised you with whips, but I will chastise you with .

 So  and all the people came to  the third day, as the  had appointed, saying, Come to me again the third day.

 And the  answered the people roughly, and forsook the old men's counsel that they gave him;

 And spake to them after the counsel of the young men, saying, My father made your  heavy, and I will add to your : my father also chastised you with whips, but I will chastise you with .

 Wherefore the  hearkened not unto the people; for the cause was from the LORD, that he might perform his saying, which the LORD spake by  the  unto  the son of .

 So when all  saw that the  hearkened not unto them, the people answered the , saying, What portion have we in ? neither have we inheritance in the son of : to your tents, O : now see to thine own house, . So  departed unto their tents.

 But as for the children of  which dwelt in the cities of ,  reigned over them.

 Then   sent , who was over the ; and all  stoned him with stones, that he died. Therefore   made speed to get him up to his , to flee to .

 So  rebelled against the house of  unto this day.

 And it came to pass, when all  heard that  was come again, that they sent and called him unto the , and made him  over all : there was none that followed the house of , but the  of  only.

 And when  was come to , he assembled all the house of , with the  of , an hundred and fourscore thousand  men, which were warriors, to fight against the house of , to bring the kingdom again to  the son of .

 But the word of God came unto  the man of God, saying,

 Speak unto , the son of ,  of , and unto all the house of  and , and to the remnant of the people, saying,

 Thus saith the LORD, Ye shall not go up, nor fight against your brethren the children of : return every man to his house; for this thing is from me. They hearkened therefore to the word of the LORD, and returned to depart, according to the word of the LORD.

 Then  built  in  , and dwelt therein; and went out from thence, and built .

 And  said in his heart, Now shall the kingdom return to the house of :

 If this people go up to do  in the house of the LORD at , then shall the heart of this people turn again unto their lord, even unto   of , and they shall kill me, and go again to   of .

 Whereupon the  took counsel, and made two calves of , and said unto them, It is too much for you to go up to : behold thy gods, O , which brought thee up out of the land of .

 And he set the one in , and the other put he in .

 And this thing became a : for the people went to  before the one, even unto .

 And he made an house of high places, and made priests of the lowest of the people, which were not of the sons of .

 And  ordained a  in the eighth month, on the fifteenth day of the month, like unto the  that is in , and he offered upon the . So did he in , sacrificing unto the calves that he had made: and he placed in  the priests of the high places which he had made.

 So he offered upon the  which he had made in  the fifteenth day of the eighth month, even in the month which he had devised of his own heart; and ordained a  unto the children of : and he offered upon the , and burnt .
