King James Version:
Kings (
Kings):
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
Then  assembled the elders of , and all the heads of the tribes, the chief of the fathers of the children of , unto   in , that they might bring up the  of the  of the LORD out of the city of , which is .

 And all the men of  assembled themselves unto   at the  in the month , which is the seventh month.

 And all the elders of  came, and the priests took up the .

 And they brought up the  of the LORD, and the  of the , and all the holy vessels that were in the , even those did the priests and the Levites bring up.

 And  , and all the  of , that were assembled unto him, were with him before the , sacrificing  and oxen, that could not be told nor numbered for multitude.

 And the priests brought in the  of the  of the LORD unto his place, into the  of the house, to the most holy place, even under the wings of the cherubims.

 For the cherubims spread forth their two wings over the place of the , and the cherubims covered the  and the staves thereof above.

 And they drew out the staves, that the ends of the staves were seen out in the holy place before the , and they were not seen without: and there they are unto this day.

 There was nothing in the  save the two  of , which  put there at , when the LORD made a  with the children of , when they came out of the land of .

 And it came to pass, when the priests were come out of the holy place, that the  filled the house of the LORD,

 So that the priests could not stand to  because of the : for the  of the LORD had filled the house of the LORD.

 Then spake , The LORD said that he would dwell in the thick .

 I have surely built thee an house to dwell in, a settled place for thee to abide in for ever.

 And the  turned his face about, and blessed all the  of : (and all the  of  stood;)

 And he said, Blessed be the LORD God of , which spake with his mouth unto  my father, and hath with his hand fulfilled it, saying,

 Since the day that I brought forth my people  out of , I chose no city out of all the tribes of  to build an house, that my name might be therein; but I chose  to be over my people .

 And it was in the heart of  my father to build an house for the name of the LORD God of .

 And the LORD said unto  my father, Whereas it was in thine heart to build an house unto my name, thou didst well that it was in thine heart.

 Nevertheless thou shalt not build the house; but thy son that shall come forth out of thy loins, he shall build the house unto my name.

 And the LORD hath performed his word that he spake, and I am risen up in the room of  my father, and sit on the  of , as the LORD promised, and have built an house for the name of the LORD God of .

 And I have set there a place for the , wherein is the  of the LORD, which he made with our fathers, when he brought them out of the land of .

 And  stood before the  of the LORD in the presence of all the  of , and spread forth his hands toward :

 And he said, LORD God of , there is no God like thee, in  above, or on earth beneath, who keepest  and  with thy servants that walk before thee with all their heart:

 Who hast kept with thy servant  my father that thou promisedst him: thou spakest also with thy mouth, and hast fulfilled it with thine hand, as it is this day.

 Therefore now, LORD God of , keep with thy servant  my father that thou promisedst him, saying, There shall not fail thee a man in my sight to sit on the  of ; so that thy children take heed to their way, that they walk before me as thou hast walked before me.

 And now, O God of , let thy word, I pray thee, be verified, which thou spakest unto thy servant  my father.

 But will God indeed dwell on the earth? behold, the  and  of heavens cannot contain thee; how much less this house that I have builded?

 Yet have thou respect unto the  of thy servant, and to his supplication, O LORD my God, to hearken unto the cry and to the , which thy servant prayeth before thee to day:

 That thine eyes may be open toward this house night and day, even toward the place of which thou hast said, My name shall be there: that thou mayest hearken unto the  which thy servant shall make toward this place.

 And hearken thou to the supplication of thy servant, and of thy people , when they shall pray toward this place: and hear thou in  thy dwelling place: and when thou hearest, forgive.

 If any man trespass against his neighbour, and an  be laid upon him to cause him to swear, and the  come before thine  in this house:

 Then hear thou in , and do, and  thy servants, condemning the wicked, to bring his way upon his head; and justifying the righteous, to give him according to his .

 When thy people  be smitten down before the enemy, because they have sinned against thee, and shall turn again to thee, and confess thy name, and pray, and make supplication unto thee in this house:

 Then hear thou in , and forgive the  of thy people , and bring them again unto the land which thou gavest unto their fathers.

 When  is shut up, and there is no , because they have sinned against thee; if they pray toward this place, and confess thy name, and turn from their , when thou afflictest them:

 Then hear thou in , and forgive the  of thy servants, and of thy people , that thou teach them the good way wherein they should walk, and give  upon thy land, which thou hast given to thy people for an inheritance.

 If there be in the land , if there be pestilence, blasting, , , or if there be caterpiller; if their enemy besiege them in the land of their cities; whatsoever , whatsoever sickness there be;

 What  and supplication soever be made by any man, or by all thy people , which shall know every man the  of his own heart, and spread forth his hands toward this house:

 Then hear thou in  thy dwelling place, and forgive, and do, and give to every man according to his ways, whose heart thou knowest; (for thou, even thou only, knowest the hearts of all the children of men;)

 That they may fear thee all the days that they live in the land which thou gavest unto our fathers.

 Moreover concerning a , that is not of thy people , but cometh out of a far country for thy name's sake;

 (For they shall hear of thy great name, and of thy strong hand, and of thy stretched out arm;) when he shall come and pray toward this house;

 Hear thou in  thy dwelling place, and do according to all that the  calleth to thee for: that all people of the earth may know thy name, to fear thee, as do thy people ; and that they may know that this house, which I have builded, is called by thy name.

 If thy people go out to battle against their enemy, whithersoever thou shalt send them, and shall pray unto the LORD toward the city which thou hast , and toward the house that I have built for thy name:

 Then hear thou in  their  and their supplication, and maintain their cause.

 If they  against thee, (for there is no man that sinneth not,) and thou be angry with them, and deliver them to the enemy, so that they carry them away captives unto the land of the enemy, far or near;

 Yet if they shall bethink themselves in the land whither they were carried captives, and repent, and make supplication unto thee in the land of them that carried them captives, saying, We have sinned, and have done perversely, we have committed wickedness;

 And so return unto thee with all their heart, and with all their soul, in the land of their enemies, which led them away , and pray unto thee toward their land, which thou gavest unto their fathers, the city which thou hast , and the house which I have built for thy name:

 Then hear thou their  and their supplication in  thy dwelling place, and maintain their cause,

 And forgive thy people that have sinned against thee, and all their transgressions wherein they have transgressed against thee, and give them compassion before them who carried them , that they may have compassion on them:

 For they be thy people, and thine inheritance, which thou broughtest forth out of , from the midst of the  of :

 That thine eyes may be open unto the supplication of thy servant, and unto the supplication of thy people , to hearken unto them in all that they call for unto thee.

 For thou didst separate them from among all the people of the earth, to be thine inheritance, as thou spakest by the hand of  thy servant, when thou broughtest our fathers out of , O LORD God.

 And it was so, that when  had made an end of praying all this  and supplication unto the LORD, he arose from before the  of the LORD, from kneeling on his knees with his hands spread up to .

 And he stood, and blessed all the  of  with a loud voice, saying,

 Blessed be the LORD, that hath given rest unto his people , according to all that he promised: there hath not failed one word of all his good promise, which he promised by the hand of  his servant.

 The LORD our God be with us, as he was with our fathers: let him not leave us, nor forsake us:

 That he may incline our hearts unto him, to walk in all his ways, and to keep his commandments, and his statutes, and his judgments, which he commanded our fathers.

 And let these my words, wherewith I have made supplication before the LORD, be nigh unto the LORD our God day and night, that he maintain the cause of his servant, and the cause of his people  at all times, as the matter shall require:

 That all the people of the earth may know that the LORD is God, and that there is none else.

 Let your heart therefore be perfect with the LORD our God, to walk in his statutes, and to keep his commandments, as at this day.

 And the , and all  with him, offered  before the LORD.

 And  offered a  of peace offerings, which he offered unto the LORD, two and twenty thousand oxen, and an hundred and twenty thousand . So the  and all the children of  dedicated the house of the LORD.

 The same day did the   the middle of the court that was before the house of the LORD: for there he offered burnt offerings, and meat offerings, and the  of the peace offerings: because the brasen  that was before the LORD was too little to receive the burnt offerings, and meat offerings, and the  of the peace offerings.

 And at that time  held a , and all  with him, a great , from the entering in of  unto the river of , before the LORD our God,  days and  days, even fourteen days.

 On the eighth day he sent the people away: and they blessed the , and went unto their tents joyful and glad of heart for all the  that the LORD had done for  his servant, and for  his people.
