King James Version:
Kings (
Kings):
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
And when the  of  heard of the fame of  concerning the name of the LORD, she came to prove him with hard questions.

 And she came to  with a very great train, with camels that bare , and very much , and precious stones: and when she was come to , she communed with him of all that was in her heart.

 And  told her all her questions: there was not any thing hid from the , which he told her not.

 And when the  of  had seen all Solomon's wisdom, and the house that he had built,

 And the meat of his table, and the  of his servants, and the attendance of his ministers, and their , and his cupbearers, and his ascent by which he went up unto the house of the LORD; there was no more  in her.

 And she said to the , It was a true report that I heard in mine own land of thy acts and of thy wisdom.

 Howbeit I believed not the words, until I came, and mine eyes had seen it: and, behold, the half was not told me: thy wisdom and prosperity exceedeth the fame which I heard.

 Happy are thy men, happy are these thy servants, which stand continually before thee, and that hear thy wisdom.

 Blessed be the LORD thy God, which delighted in thee, to set thee on the  of : because the LORD loved  for ever, therefore made he thee , to do judgment and .

 And she gave the  an hundred and twenty talents of , and of  very great store, and precious stones: there came no more such abundance of  as these which the  of  gave to  .

 And the navy also of , that brought  from , brought in from  great plenty of  trees, and precious stones.

 And the  made of the  trees pillars for the house of the LORD, and for the king's house, harps also and psalteries for singers: there came no such  trees, nor were seen unto this day.

 And   gave unto the  of  all her desire, whatsoever she asked, beside that which  gave her of his royal bounty. So she turned and went to her own country, she and her servants.

 Now the weight of  that came to  in one year was six hundred threescore and six talents of ,

 Beside that he had of the merchantmen, and of the traffick of the spice merchants, and of all the kings of , and of the governors of the country.

 And   made two hundred targets of beaten : six hundred shekels of  went to one .

 And he made three hundred shields of beaten ; three  of  went to one : and the  put them in the house of the  of .

 Moreover the  made a great  of , and overlaid it with the best .

 The  had six steps, and the top of the  was round behind: and there were stays on either side on the place of the seat, and two  stood beside the stays.

 And twelve  stood there on the one side and on the other upon the six steps: there was not the like made in any kingdom.

 And all  Solomon's drinking vessels were of , and all the vessels of the house of the  of  were of pure ; none were of : it was nothing accounted of in the days of .

 For the  had at sea a navy of  with the navy of : once in three years came the navy of , bringing , and , , and apes, and peacocks.

 So   exceeded all the kings of the earth for riches and for wisdom.

 And all the earth sought to , to hear his wisdom, which God had put in his heart.

 And they brought every man his present, vessels of , and vessels of , and garments, and , and , horses, and mules, a rate year by year.

 And  gathered together chariots and horsemen: and he had a thousand and four hundred chariots, and twelve thousand horsemen, whom he bestowed in the cities for chariots, and with the  at .

 And the  made  to be in  as stones, and cedars made he to be as the sycomore trees that are in the vale, for abundance.

 And  had horses brought out of , and  : the king's merchants received the   at a price.

 And a  came up and went out of  for six hundred shekels of , and an horse for an hundred and fifty: and so for all the kings of the , and for the kings of , did they bring them out by their means.
