King James Version:
Kings (
Kings):
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
And it came to pass after these things, that  the Jezreelite had a vineyard, which was in , hard by the  of   of .

 And  spake unto , saying, Give me thy vineyard, that I may have it for a garden of herbs, because it is near unto my house: and I will give thee for it a better vineyard than it; or, if it seem good to thee, I will give thee the worth of it in money.

 And  said to , The LORD forbid it me, that I should give the inheritance of my fathers unto thee.

 And  came into his house heavy and displeased because of the word which  the Jezreelite had spoken to him: for he had said, I will not give thee the inheritance of my fathers. And he laid him down upon his bed, and turned away his face, and would eat no .

 But  his wife came to him, and said unto him, Why is thy  so sad, that thou eatest no ?

 And he said unto her, Because I spake unto  the Jezreelite, and said unto him, Give me thy vineyard for money; or else, if it please thee, I will give thee another vineyard for it: and he answered, I will not give thee my vineyard.

 And  his wife said unto him, Dost thou now govern the kingdom of ? arise, and eat , and let thine heart be merry: I will give thee the vineyard of  the Jezreelite.

 So she wrote letters in Ahab's name, and sealed them with his , and sent the letters unto the elders and to the nobles that were in his city, dwelling with .

 And she wrote in the letters, saying, Proclaim a , and set  on high among the people:

 And set two men, sons of , before him, to bear  against him, saying, Thou didst blaspheme God and the . And then carry him out, and  him, that he may die.

 And the men of his city, even the elders and the nobles who were the inhabitants in his city, did as  had sent unto them, and as it was written in the letters which she had sent unto them.

 They proclaimed a , and set  on high among the people.

 And there came in two men, children of , and sat before him: and the men of  witnessed against him, even against , in the presence of the people, saying,  did blaspheme God and the . Then they carried him forth out of the city, and stoned him with stones, that he died.

 Then they sent to , saying,  is stoned, and is dead.

 And it came to pass, when  heard that  was stoned, and was dead, that  said to , Arise, take possession of the vineyard of  the Jezreelite, which he refused to give thee for money: for  is not alive, but dead.

 And it came to pass, when  heard that  was dead, that  rose up to go down to the vineyard of  the Jezreelite, to take possession of it.

 And the word of the LORD came to  the , saying,

 Arise, go down to meet   of , which is in : behold, he is in the vineyard of , whither he is gone down to possess it.

 And thou shalt speak unto him, saying, Thus saith the LORD, Hast thou killed, and also taken possession? And thou shalt speak unto him, saying, Thus saith the LORD, In the place where dogs licked the  of  shall dogs lick thy , even thine.

 And  said to , Hast thou found me, O mine enemy? And he answered, I have found thee: because thou hast sold thyself to work evil in the sight of the LORD.

 Behold, I will bring evil upon thee, and will take away thy posterity, and will cut off from  him that pisseth against the wall, and him that is shut up and left in ,

 And will make thine house like the house of  the son of , and like the house of  the son of , for the provocation wherewith thou hast provoked me to , and made  to .

 And of  also spake the LORD, saying, The dogs shall eat  by the wall of .

 Him that dieth of  in the city the dogs shall eat; and him that dieth in the field shall the fowls of the air eat.

 But there was none like unto , which did sell himself to work wickedness in the sight of the LORD, whom  his wife stirred up.

 And he did very abominably in following idols, according to all things as did the , whom the LORD cast out before the children of .

 And it came to pass, when  heard those words, that he  his clothes, and put  upon his , and fasted, and lay in , and went softly.

 And the word of the LORD came to  the , saying,

 Seest thou how  humbleth himself before me? because he humbleth himself before me, I will not bring the evil in his days: but in his son's days will I bring the evil upon his house.
