King James Version:
Kings (
Kings):
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
And it came to pass in the four hundred and eightieth year after the children of  were come out of the land of , in the fourth year of Solomon's reign over , in the month , which is the second month, that he began to build the house of the LORD.

 And the house which   built for the LORD, the length thereof was threescore cubits, and the breadth thereof twenty cubits, and the height thereof thirty cubits.

 And the porch before the  of the house, twenty cubits was the length thereof, according to the breadth of the house; and ten cubits was the breadth thereof before the house.

 And for the house he made windows of narrow lights.

 And against the wall of the house he built chambers round about, against the walls of the house round about, both of the  and of the : and he made chambers round about:

 The nethermost  was five cubits broad, and the middle was six cubits broad, and the third was  cubits broad: for without in the wall of the house he made narrowed rests round about, that the beams should not be fastened in the walls of the house.

 And the house, when it was in building, was built of  made ready before it was brought thither: so that there was neither  nor  nor any tool of  heard in the house, while it was in building.

 The door for the middle  was in the right side of the house: and they went up with winding stairs into the middle , and out of the middle into the third.

 So he built the house, and finished it; and covered the house with beams and boards of .

 And then he built chambers against all the house, five cubits high: and they rested on the house with timber of .

 And the word of the LORD came to , saying,

 Concerning this house which thou art in building, if thou wilt walk in my statutes, and execute my judgments, and keep all my commandments to walk in them; then will I perform my word with thee, which I spake unto  thy father:

 And I will dwell among the children of , and will not forsake my people .

 So  built the house, and finished it.

 And he built the walls of the house within with boards of , both the floor of the house, and the walls of the : and he covered them on the inside with , and covered the floor of the house with planks of .

 And he built twenty cubits on the sides of the house, both the floor and the walls with boards of : he even built them for it within, even for the , even for the most holy place.

 And the house, that is, the  before it, was forty cubits long.

 And the  of the house within was carved with knops and open : all was ; there was no  seen.

 And the  he prepared in the house within, to set there the  of the  of the LORD.

 And the  in the forepart was twenty cubits in length, and twenty cubits in breadth, and twenty cubits in the height thereof: and he overlaid it with pure ; and so covered the  which was of .

 So  overlaid the house within with pure : and he made a partition by the chains of  before the ; and he overlaid it with .

 And the whole house he overlaid with , until he had finished all the house: also the whole  that was by the  he overlaid with .

 And within the  he made two cherubims of  tree, each ten cubits high.

 And five cubits was the one wing of the , and five cubits the other wing of the : from the uttermost part of the one wing unto the uttermost part of the other were ten cubits.

 And the other  was ten cubits: both the cherubims were of one measure and one size.

 The height of the one  was ten cubits, and so was it of the other .

 And he set the cherubims within the inner house: and they stretched forth the wings of the cherubims, so that the wing of the one touched the one wall, and the wing of the other  touched the other wall; and their wings touched one another in the midst of the house.

 And he overlaid the cherubims with .

 And he carved all the walls of the house round about with carved figures of cherubims and palm trees and open , within and without.

 And the floors of the house he overlaid with , within and without.

 And for the entering of the  he made  of  tree: the  and side posts were a fifth part of the wall.

 The two  also were of  tree; and he carved upon them carvings of cherubims and palm trees and open , and overlaid them with , and spread  upon the cherubims, and upon the palm trees.

 So also made he for the door of the  posts of  tree, a fourth part of the wall.

 And the two  were of  tree: the two leaves of the one door were folding, and the two leaves of the other door were folding.

 And he carved thereon cherubims and palm trees and open : and covered them with  fitted upon the carved work.

 And he built the inner court with three rows of hewed , and a row of  beams.

 In the fourth year was the foundation of the house of the LORD laid, in the month :

 And in the eleventh year, in the month , which is the eighth month, was the house finished throughout all the parts thereof, and according to all the fashion of it. So was he  years in building it.
