King James Version:
Kings (
Kings):
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
And, behold, there came a man of God out of  by the word of the LORD unto : and  stood by the  to burn .

 And he cried against the  in the word of the LORD, and said, O , , thus saith the LORD; Behold, a child shall be born unto the house of ,  by name; and upon thee shall he offer the priests of the high places that burn  upon thee, and men's bones shall be burnt upon thee.

 And he gave a sign the same day, saying, This is the sign which the LORD hath spoken; Behold, the  shall be , and the  that are upon it shall be poured out.

 And it came to pass, when   heard the saying of the man of God, which had cried against the  in , that he put forth his hand from the , saying, Lay hold on him. And his hand, which he put forth against him, dried up, so that he could not pull it in again to him.

 The  also was , and the  poured out from the , according to the sign which the man of God had given by the word of the LORD.

 And the  answered and said unto the man of God, Intreat now the face of the LORD thy God, and pray for me, that my hand may be restored me again. And the man of God besought the LORD, and the king's hand was restored him again, and became as it was before.

 And the  said unto the man of God, Come home with me, and refresh thyself, and I will give thee a reward.

 And the man of God said unto the , If thou wilt give me half thine house, I will not go in with thee, neither will I eat  nor  water in this place:

 For so was it charged me by the word of the LORD, saying, Eat no , nor  water, nor turn again by the same way that thou camest.

 So he went another way, and returned not by the way that he came to .

 Now there dwelt an old  in ; and his sons came and told him all the works that the man of God had done that day in : the words which he had spoken unto the , them they told also to their father.

 And their father said unto them, What way went he? For his sons had seen what way the man of God went, which came from .

 And he said unto his sons, Saddle me the . So they saddled him the : and he rode thereon,

 And went after the man of God, and found him  under an : and he said unto him, Art thou the man of God that camest from ? And he said, I am.

 Then he said unto him, Come home with me, and eat .

 And he said, I may not return with thee, nor go in with thee: neither will I eat  nor  water with thee in this place:

 For it was said to me by the word of the LORD, Thou shalt eat no  nor  water there, nor turn again to go by the way that thou camest.

 He said unto him, I am a  also as thou art; and an  spake unto me by the word of the LORD, saying, Bring him back with thee into thine house, that he may eat  and  water. But he lied unto him.

 So he went back with him, and did eat  in his house, and drank water.

 And it came to pass, as they sat at the table, that the word of the LORD came unto the  that brought him back:

 And he cried unto the man of God that came from , saying, Thus saith the LORD, Forasmuch as thou hast disobeyed the mouth of the LORD, and hast not kept the commandment which the LORD thy God commanded thee,

 But camest back, and hast eaten  and  water in the place, of the which the Lord did say to thee, Eat no , and  no water; thy  shall not come unto the  of thy fathers.

 And it came to pass, after he had eaten , and after he had , that he saddled for him the , to wit, for the  whom he had brought back.

 And when he was gone, a lion met him by the way, and slew him: and his  was cast in the way, and the  stood by it, the lion also stood by the .

 And, behold, men passed by, and saw the  cast in the way, and the lion standing by the : and they came and told it in the city where the old  dwelt.

 And when the  that brought him back from the way heard thereof, he said, It is the man of God, who was disobedient unto the word of the LORD: therefore the LORD hath delivered him unto the lion, which hath torn him, and slain him, according to the word of the LORD, which he spake unto him.

 And he spake to his sons, saying, Saddle me the . And they saddled him.

 And he went and found his  cast in the way, and the  and the lion standing by the : the lion had not eaten the , nor torn the .

 And the  took up the  of the man of God, and laid it upon the , and brought it back: and the old  came to the city, to  and to bury him.

 And he laid his  in his own ; and they mourned over him, saying, Alas, my brother!

 And it came to pass, after he had buried him, that he spake to his sons, saying, When I am dead, then bury me in the  wherein the man of God is buried; lay my bones beside his bones:

 For the saying which he cried by the word of the LORD against the  in , and against all the houses of the high places which are in the cities of , shall surely come to pass.

 After this thing  returned not from his evil way, but made again of the lowest of the people priests of the high places: whosoever would, he consecrated him, and he became one of the priests of the high places.

 And this thing became  unto the house of , even to cut it off, and to destroy it from off the face of the earth.
