King James Version:
Kings (
Kings):
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
So   was  over all .

 And these were the princes which he had;  the son of  the ,

 Elihoreph and Ahiah, the sons of Shisha, ;  the son of Ahilud, the .

 And  the son of  was over the : and  and  were the priests:

 And  the son of  was over the officers: and  the son of  was principal officer, and the king's friend:

 And  was over the household: and  the son of  was over the .

 And  had twelve officers over all , which provided victuals for the  and his household: each man his month in a year made provision.

 And these are their names: The son of , in  :

 The son of Dekar, in Makaz, and in Shaalbim, and Bethshemesh, and Elonbethhanan:

 The son of Hesed, in Aruboth; to him pertained Sochoh, and all the land of :

 The son of , in all the region of ; which had Taphath the daughter of  to wife:

  the son of Ahilud; to him pertained  and , and all Bethshean, which is by Zartanah beneath , from Bethshean to Abelmeholah, even unto the place that is beyond :

 The son of , in Ramothgilead; to him pertained the towns of  the son of , which are in ; to him also pertained the region of , which is in , threescore great cities with walls and brasen bars:

  the son of  had :

  was in ; he also took Basmath the daughter of  to wife:

  the son of  was in  and in Aloth:

  the son of , in :

  the son of , in :

  the son of Uri was in the country of , in the country of   of the , and of   of ; and he was the only officer which was in the land.

  and  were many, as the sand which is by the sea in multitude,  and drinking, and making merry.

 And  reigned over all kingdoms from the river unto the land of the , and unto the border of : they brought presents, and served  all the days of his life.

 And Solomon's provision for one day was thirty measures of fine , and threescore measures of meal,

 Ten  oxen, and twenty oxen out of the pastures, and an hundred , beside harts, and roebucks, and fallowdeer, and fatted fowl.

 For he had dominion over all the region on this side the river, from  even to Azzah, over all the kings on this side the river: and he had peace on all sides round about him.

 And  and  dwelt safely, every man under his  and under his  tree, from  even to , all the days of .

 And  had forty thousand stalls of horses for his chariots, and twelve thousand horsemen.

 And those officers provided victual for  , and for all that came unto  Solomon's table, every man in his month: they lacked nothing.

  also and  for the horses and dromedaries brought they unto the place where the officers were, every man according to his charge.

 And God gave  wisdom and understanding exceeding much, and largeness of heart, even as the sand that is on the sea shore.

 And Solomon's wisdom excelled the wisdom of all the children of the  country, and all the wisdom of .

 For he was wiser than all men; than  the , and , and Chalcol, and , the sons of : and his fame was in all nations round about.

 And he spake three thousand proverbs: and his  were a thousand and five.

 And he spake of trees, from the  tree that is in  even unto the  that springeth out of the wall: he spake also of beasts, and of fowl, and of creeping things, and of fishes.

 And there came of all people to hear the wisdom of , from all kings of the earth, which had heard of his wisdom.
