King James Version:
Kings (
Kings):
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
But  was building his own house thirteen years, and he finished all his house.

 He built also the house of the  of ; the length thereof was an hundred cubits, and the breadth thereof fifty cubits, and the height thereof thirty cubits, upon four rows of  pillars, with  beams upon the pillars.

 And it was covered with  above upon the beams, that lay on forty five pillars, fifteen in a row.

 And there were windows in three rows, and light was against light in three ranks.

 And all the  and posts were square, with the windows: and light was against light in three ranks.

 And he made a porch of pillars; the length thereof was fifty cubits, and the breadth thereof thirty cubits: and the porch was before them: and the other pillars and the thick  were before them.

 Then he made a porch for the  where he might , even the porch of judgment: and it was covered with  from one side of the floor to the other.

 And his house where he dwelt had another court within the porch, which was of the like work.  made also an house for Pharaoh's daughter, whom he had taken to wife, like unto this porch.

 All these were of costly stones, according to the measures of hewed stones, sawed with saws, within and without, even from the foundation unto the coping, and so on the outside toward the great court.

 And the foundation was of costly stones, even great stones, stones of ten cubits, and stones of eight cubits.

 And above were costly stones, after the measures of hewed stones, and cedars.

 And the great court round about was with three rows of hewed stones, and a row of  beams, both for the inner court of the house of the LORD, and for the porch of the house.

 And   sent and fetched  out of .

 He was a widow's son of the  of , and his father was a man of , a worker in : and he was filled with wisdom, and understanding, and cunning to work all works in . And he came to  , and wrought all his work.

 For he cast two pillars of , of eighteen cubits high apiece: and a line of twelve cubits did compass either of them about.

 And he made two chapiters of molten , to set upon the tops of the pillars: the height of the one  was five cubits, and the height of the other  was five cubits:

 And nets of checker work, and wreaths of  work, for the chapiters which were upon the top of the pillars;  for the one , and  for the other .

 And he made the pillars, and two rows round about upon the one network, to cover the chapiters that were upon the top, with pomegranates: and so did he for the other .

 And the chapiters that were upon the top of the pillars were of  work in the porch, four cubits.

 And the chapiters upon the two pillars had pomegranates also above, over against the  which was by the network: and the pomegranates were two hundred in rows round about upon the other .

 And he set up the pillars in the porch of the : and he set up the right , and called the name thereof : and he set up the left , and called the name thereof .

 And upon the top of the pillars was  work: so was the work of the pillars finished.

 And he made a molten sea, ten cubits from the one brim to the other: it was round all about, and his height was five cubits: and a line of thirty cubits did compass it round about.

 And under the brim of it round about there were knops compassing it, ten in a , compassing the sea round about: the knops were cast in two rows, when it was cast.

 It stood upon twelve oxen, three looking toward the north, and three looking toward the west, and three looking toward the south, and three looking toward the : and the sea was set above upon them, and all their hinder parts were inward.

 And it was an hand breadth thick, and the brim thereof was wrought like the brim of a , with  of lilies: it contained two thousand .

 And he made ten bases of ; four cubits was the length of one base, and four cubits the breadth thereof, and three cubits the height of it.

 And the work of the bases was on this manner: they had borders, and the borders were between the ledges:

 And on the borders that were between the ledges were , oxen, and cherubims: and upon the ledges there was a base above: and beneath the  and oxen were certain additions made of thin work.

 And every base had four brasen wheels, and plates of : and the four corners thereof had undersetters: under the  were undersetters molten, at the side of every addition.

 And the mouth of it within the  and above was a : but the mouth thereof was round after the work of the base, a  and an half: and also upon the mouth of it were gravings with their borders, foursquare, not round.

 And under the borders were four wheels; and the axletrees of the wheels were joined to the base: and the height of a  was a  and half a .

 And the work of the wheels was like the work of a  : their axletrees, and their naves, and their felloes, and their spokes, were all molten.

 And there were four undersetters to the four corners of one base: and the undersetters were of the very base itself.

 And in the top of the base was there a round compass of half a  high: and on the top of the base the ledges thereof and the borders thereof were of the same.

 For on the plates of the ledges thereof, and on the borders thereof, he graved cherubims, , and palm trees, according to the proportion of every one, and additions round about.

 After this manner he made the ten bases: all of them had one casting, one measure, and one size.

 Then made he ten lavers of : one  contained forty : and every  was four cubits: and upon every one of the ten bases one .

 And he put five bases on the right side of the house, and five on the left side of the house: and he set the sea on the right side of the house eastward over against the south.

 And  made the lavers, and the shovels, and the basons. So  made an end of doing all the work that he made   for the house of the LORD:

 The two pillars, and the two bowls of the chapiters that were on the top of the two pillars; and the two networks, to cover the two bowls of the chapiters which were upon the top of the pillars;

 And four hundred pomegranates for the two networks, even two rows of pomegranates for one network, to cover the two bowls of the chapiters that were upon the pillars;

 And the ten bases, and ten lavers on the bases;

 And one sea, and twelve oxen under the sea;

 And the pots, and the shovels, and the basons: and all these vessels, which  made to   for the house of the LORD, were of bright .

 In the  of  did the  cast them, in the  ground between  and .

 And  left all the vessels unweighed, because they were exceeding many: neither was the weight of the  found out.

 And  made all the vessels that pertained unto the house of the LORD: the  of , and the table of , whereupon the  was,

 And the candlesticks of pure , five on the right side, and five on the left, before the , with the , and the lamps, and the tongs of ,

 And the bowls, and the snuffers, and the basons, and the spoons, and the censers of pure ; and the hinges of , both for the  of the inner house, the most holy place, and for the  of the house, to wit, of the .

 So was ended all the work that   made for the house of the LORD. And  brought in the things which  his father had dedicated; even the , and the , and the vessels, did he put among the treasures of the house of the LORD.
