King James Version:
Kings (
Kings):
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
And they continued three years without war between  and .

 And it came to pass in the third year, that  the  of  came down to the  of .

 And the  of  said unto his servants, Know ye that  in  is ours, and we be still, and take it not out of the hand of the  of ?

 And he said unto , Wilt thou go with me to battle to Ramothgilead? And  said to the  of , I am as thou art, my people as thy people, my horses as thy horses.

 And  said unto the  of , Enquire, I pray thee, at the word of the LORD to day.

 Then the  of  gathered the prophets together, about four hundred men, and said unto them, Shall I go against Ramothgilead to battle, or shall I forbear? And they said, Go up; for the LORD shall deliver it into the hand of the .

 And  said, Is there not here a  of the LORD besides, that we might enquire of him?

 And the  of  said unto , There is yet one man,  the son of Imlah, by whom we may enquire of the LORD: but I hate him; for he doth not prophesy good concerning me, but evil. And  said, Let not the  say so.

 Then the  of  called an officer, and said, Hasten hither  the son of Imlah.

 And the  of  and  the  of  sat each on his , having put on their robes, in a void place in the entrance of the  of ; and all the prophets prophesied before them.

 And  the son of  made him horns of : and he said, Thus saith the LORD, With these shalt thou push the Syrians, until thou have consumed them.

 And all the prophets prophesied so, saying, Go up to Ramothgilead, and prosper: for the LORD shall deliver it into the king's hand.

 And the  that was gone to call  spake unto him, saying, Behold now, the words of the prophets declare good unto the  with one mouth: let thy word, I pray thee, be like the word of one of them, and speak that which is good.

 And  said, As the LORD liveth, what the LORD saith unto me, that will I speak.

 So he came to the . And the  said unto him, , shall we go against Ramothgilead to battle, or shall we forbear? And he answered him, Go, and prosper: for the LORD shall deliver it into the hand of the .

 And the  said unto him, How many times shall I adjure thee that thou tell me nothing but that which is true in the name of the LORD?

 And he said, I saw all  scattered upon the hills, as  that have not a : and the LORD said, These have no master: let them return every man to his house in peace.

 And the  of  said unto , Did I not tell thee that he would prophesy no good concerning me, but evil?

 And he said, Hear thou therefore the word of the LORD: I saw the LORD  on his , and all the  of  standing by him on his right hand and on his left.

 And the LORD said, Who shall persuade , that he may go up and fall at Ramothgilead? And one said on this manner, and another said on that manner.

 And there came forth a , and stood before the LORD, and said, I will persuade him.

 And the LORD said unto him, Wherewith? And he said, I will go forth, and I will be a lying  in the mouth of all his prophets. And he said, Thou shalt persude him, and prevail also: go forth, and do so.

 Now therefore, behold, the LORD hath put a lying  in the mouth of all these thy prophets, and the LORD hath spoken evil concerning thee.

 But  the son of  went near, and smote  on the , and said, Which way went the  of the LORD from me to speak unto thee?

 And  said, Behold, thou shalt see in that day, when thou shalt go into an inner  to hide thyself.

 And the  of  said, Take , and carry him back unto  the governor of the city, and to  the king's son;

 And say, Thus saith the , Put this fellow in the , and feed him with  of affliction and with water of affliction, until I come in peace.

 And  said, If thou return at all in peace, the LORD hath not spoken by me. And he said, Hearken, O people, every one of you.

 So the  of  and  the  of  went up to Ramothgilead.

 And the  of  said unto , I will disguise myself, and enter into the battle; but put thou on thy robes. And the  of  disguised himself, and went into the battle.

 But the  of  commanded his thirty and two captains that had rule over his chariots, saying, Fight neither with small nor great, save only with the  of .

 And it came to pass, when the captains of the chariots saw , that they said, Surely it is the  of . And they turned aside to fight against him: and  cried out.

 And it came to pass, when the captains of the chariots perceived that it was not the  of , that they turned back from pursuing him.

 And a certain man drew a  at a venture, and smote the  of  between the joints of the : wherefore he said unto the driver of his , Turn thine hand, and carry me out of the ; for I am wounded.

 And the battle increased that day: and the  was stayed up in his  against the Syrians, and died at even: and the  ran out of the wound into the midst of the .

 And there went a proclamation throughout the  about the going down of the , saying, Every man to his city, and every man to his own country.

 So the  died, and was brought to ; and they buried the  in .

 And one washed the  in the pool of ; and the dogs licked up his ; and they washed his ; according unto the word of the LORD which he spake.

 Now the rest of the acts of , and all that he did, and the  house which he made, and all the cities that he built, are they not written in the book of the  of the kings of ?

 So  slept with his fathers; and  his son reigned in his stead.

 And  the son of  began to reign over  in the fourth year of   of .

  was thirty and five years old when he began to reign; and he reigned twenty and five years in . And his mother's name was  the daughter of Shilhi.

 And he walked in all the ways of  his father; he turned not aside from it, doing that which was right in the eyes of the LORD: nevertheless the high places were not taken away; for the people offered and burnt  yet in the high places.

 And  made peace with the  of .

 Now the rest of the acts of , and his might that he shewed, and how he warred, are they not written in the book of the  of the kings of ?

 And the remnant of the , which remained in the days of his father , he took out of the land.

 There was then no  in : a  was .

  made  of  to go to  for : but they went not; for the  were broken at Eziongeber.

 Then said  the son of  unto , Let my servants go with thy servants in the . But  would not.

 And  slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of  his father: and  his son reigned in his stead.

  the son of  began to reign over  in  the seventeenth year of   of , and reigned two years over .

 And he did evil in the sight of the LORD, and walked in the way of his father, and in the way of his mother, and in the way of  the son of , who made  to :

 For he served , and worshipped him, and provoked to  the LORD God of , according to all that his father had done.
