King James Version:
Kings (
Kings):
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
And   of  sent his servants unto ; for he had heard that they had anointed him  in the room of his father: for  was ever a lover of .

 And  sent to , saying,

 Thou knowest how that  my father could not build an house unto the name of the LORD his God for the wars which were about him on every side, until the LORD put them under the soles of his feet.

 But now the LORD my God hath given me rest on every side, so that there is neither  nor evil occurrent.

 And, behold, I purpose to build an house unto the name of the LORD my God, as the LORD spake unto  my father, saying, Thy son, whom I will set upon thy  in thy room, he shall build an house unto my name.

 Now therefore command thou that they hew me  trees out of ; and my servants shall be with thy servants: and unto thee will I give hire for thy servants according to all that thou shalt appoint: for thou knowest that there is not among us any that can skill to hew timber like unto the Sidonians.

 And it came to pass, when  heard the words of , that he rejoiced greatly, and said, Blessed be the LORD this day, which hath given unto  a  son over this great people.

 And  sent to , saying, I have considered the things which thou sentest to me for: and I will do all thy desire concerning timber of , and concerning timber of .

 My servants shall bring them down from  unto the sea: and I will convey them by sea in floats unto the place that thou shalt appoint me, and will cause them to be discharged there, and thou shalt receive them: and thou shalt accomplish my desire, in giving food for my household.

 So  gave   trees and  trees according to all his desire.

 And  gave  twenty thousand measures of  for food to his household, and twenty measures of pure oil: thus gave  to  year by year.

 And the LORD gave  wisdom, as he promised him: and there was peace between  and ; and they two made a  together.

 And   raised a  out of all ; and the  was thirty thousand men.

 And he sent them to , ten thousand a month by : a month they were in , and two months at home: and  was over the .

 And  had threescore and ten thousand that bare burdens, and fourscore thousand hewers in the mountains;

 Beside the chief of Solomon's officers which were over the work, three thousand and three hundred, which ruled over the people that wrought in the work.

 And the  commanded, and they brought great stones, costly stones, and hewed stones, to lay the foundation of the house.

 And Solomon's builders and Hiram's builders did hew them, and the stonesquarers: so they prepared timber and stones to build the house.
