King James Version:
Kings (
Kings):
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
King James Version:
Kings (
Kings) Chapter
Now in the eighteenth year of   the son of  reigned  over .

 Three years reigned he in . and his mother's name was , the daughter of Abishalom.

 And he walked in all the sins of his father, which he had done before him: and his heart was not perfect with the LORD his God, as the heart of  his father.

 Nevertheless for David's sake did the LORD his God give him a  in , to set up his son after him, and to establish :

 Because  did that which was right in the eyes of the LORD, and turned not aside from any thing that he commanded him all the days of his life, save only in the matter of  the Hittite.

 And there was war between  and  all the days of his life.

 Now the rest of the acts of , and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the  of the kings of ? And there was war between  and .

 And  slept with his fathers; and they buried him in the city of : and  his son reigned in his stead.

 And in the twentieth year of   of  reigned  over .

 And forty and one years reigned he in . And his mother's name was , the daughter of Abishalom.

 And  did that which was right in the eyes of the LORD, as did  his father.

 And he took away the  out of the land, and removed all the idols that his fathers had made.

 And also  his mother, even her he removed from being , because she had made an  in a ; and  destroyed her , and burnt it by the  .

 But the high places were not removed: nevertheless Asa's heart was perfect with the LORD all his days.

 And he brought in the things which his father had dedicated, and the things which himself had dedicated, into the house of the LORD, , and , and vessels.

 And there was war between  and   of  all their days.

 And   of  went up against , and built , that he might not suffer any to go out or come in to   of .

 Then  took all the  and the  that were left in the treasures of the house of the LORD, and the treasures of the king's house, and delivered them into the hand of his servants: and   sent them to Benhadad, the son of , the son of ,  of , that dwelt at , saying,

 There is a  between me and thee, and between my father and thy father: behold, I have sent unto thee a present of  and ; come and break thy  with   of , that he may depart from me.

 So Benhadad hearkened unto  , and sent the captains of the hosts which he had against the cities of , and smote , and , and Abelbethmaachah, and all Cinneroth, with all the land of .

 And it came to pass, when  heard thereof, that he left off building of , and dwelt in Tirzah.

 Then   made a proclamation throughout all ; none was exempted: and they took away the stones of , and the timber thereof, wherewith  had builded; and   built with them  of , and .

 The rest of all the acts of , and all his might, and all that he did, and the cities which he built, are they not written in the book of the  of the kings of ? Nevertheless in the time of his old age he was diseased in his feet.

 And  slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of  his father: and  his son reigned in his stead.

 And  the son of  began to reign over  in the second year of   of , and reigned over  two years.

 And he did evil in the sight of the LORD, and walked in the way of his father, and in his  wherewith he made  to .

 And  the son of , of the house of , conspired against him; and  smote him at , which belonged to the ; for  and all  laid siege to .

 Even in the third year of   of  did  slay him, and reigned in his stead.

 And it came to pass, when he reigned, that he smote all the house of ; he left not to  any that breathed, until he had destroyed him, according unto the saying of the LORD, which he spake by his servant  the :

 Because of the sins of  which he sinned, and which he made  , by his provocation wherewith he provoked the LORD God of  to .

 Now the rest of the acts of , and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the  of the kings of ?

 And there was war between  and   of  all their days.

 In the third year of   of  began  the son of  to reign over all  in Tirzah, twenty and four years.

 And he did evil in the sight of the LORD, and walked in the way of , and in his  wherewith he made  to .
