King James Version: Joel: Joel Chapter
King James Version: Joel Chapter
The word of the LORD that came to  the son of .

 Hear this, ye old men, and give , all ye inhabitants of the land. Hath this been in your days, or even in the days of your fathers?

 Tell ye your children of it, and let your children tell their children, and their children another .

 That which the palmerworm hath left hath the  eaten; and that which the  hath left hath the  eaten; and that which the  hath left hath the caterpiller eaten.

 Awake, ye drunkards, and weep; and howl, all ye drinkers of , because of the new ; for it is cut off from your mouth.

 For a nation is come up upon my land, strong, and without number, whose teeth are the teeth of a lion, and he hath the  teeth of a great lion.

 He hath laid my  waste, and barked my  tree: he hath made it  bare, and cast it away; the branches thereof are made white.

 Lament like a  girded with  for the husband of her youth.

 The meat  and the   is cut off from the house of the LORD; the priests, the LORD's ministers, .

 The field is wasted, the land mourneth; for the  is wasted: the new  is dried up, the oil languisheth.

 Be ye ashamed, O ye husbandmen; howl, O ye vinedressers, for the  and for the ; because the  of the field is perished.

 The  is dried up, and the  tree languisheth; the  tree, the palm tree also, and the  tree, even all the trees of the field, are withered: because joy is withered away from the sons of men.

 Gird yourselves, and lament, ye priests: howl, ye ministers of the : come, lie all night in , ye ministers of my God: for the meat  and the   is withholden from the house of your God.

 Sanctify ye a , call a solemn assembly, gather the elders and all the inhabitants of the land into the house of the LORD your God, and cry unto the LORD,

 Alas for the day! for the day of the LORD is at hand, and as a  from the Almighty shall it come.

 Is not the meat cut off before our eyes, yea, joy and gladness from the house of our God?

 The seed is rotten under their clods, the garners are laid desolate, the barns are broken down; for the  is withered.

 How do the beasts groan! the herds of  are perplexed, because they have no pasture; yea, the flocks of  are made desolate.

 O LORD, to thee will I cry: for the fire hath devoured the pastures of the , and the flame hath burned all the trees of the field.

 The beasts of the field cry also unto thee: for the rivers of waters are dried up, and the fire hath devoured the pastures of the .
