King James Version: Joel: Joel Chapter
King James Version: Joel Chapter
For, behold, in those days, and in that time, when I shall bring again the  of  and ,

 I will also gather all nations, and will bring them down into the  of , and will plead with them there for my people and for my heritage , whom they have scattered among the nations, and parted my land.

 And they have cast lots for my people; and have given a boy for an , and sold a girl for , that they might .

 Yea, and what have ye to do with me, O , and , and all the coasts of ? will ye render me a recompence? and if ye recompense me, swiftly and speedily will I return your recompence upon your own head;

 Because ye have taken my  and my , and have carried into your temples my goodly pleasant things:

 The children also of  and the children of  have ye sold unto the , that ye might remove them far from their border.

 Behold, I will raise them out of the place whither ye have sold them, and will return your recompence upon your own head:

 And I will sell your sons and your daughters into the hand of the children of , and they shall sell them to the , to a people far off: for the LORD hath spoken it.

 Proclaim ye this among the ; Prepare war, wake up the mighty men, let all the men of war draw near; let them come up:

 Beat your plowshares into swords and your pruninghooks into spears: let the weak say, I am strong.

 Assemble yourselves, and come, all ye , and gather yourselves together round about: thither cause thy mighty ones to come down, O LORD.

 Let the  be wakened, and come up to the  of : for there will I sit to  all the  round about.

 Put ye in the , for the  is ripe: come, get you down; for the press is full, the fats overflow; for their wickedness is great.

 Multitudes, multitudes in the  of decision: for the day of the LORD is near in the  of decision.

 The  and the  shall be darkened, and the  shall withdraw their shining.

 The LORD also shall roar out of , and utter his voice from ; and the heavens and the earth shall shake: but the LORD will be the hope of his people, and the strength of the children of .

 So shall ye know that I am the LORD your God dwelling in , my holy mountain: then shall  be holy, and there shall no strangers pass through her any more.

 And it shall come to pass in that day, that the mountains shall drop down new , and the hills shall flow with , and all the rivers of  shall flow with waters, and a  shall come forth out of the house of the LORD, and shall water the  of .

  shall be a desolation, and  shall be a desolate , for the violence against the children of , because they have shed innocent  in their land.

 But  shall dwell for ever, and  from  to .

 For I will cleanse their  that I have not cleansed: for the LORD dwelleth in .
