King James Version: Joel: Joel Chapter
King James Version: Joel Chapter
Blow ye the trumpet in , and sound an  in my holy mountain: let all the inhabitants of the land tremble: for the day of the LORD cometh, for it is nigh at hand;

 A day of  and of gloominess, a day of clouds and of thick , as the morning spread upon the mountains: a great people and a strong; there hath not been ever the like, neither shall be any more after it, even to the years of many generations.

 A fire devoureth before them; and behind them a flame burneth: the land is as the garden of  before them, and behind them a desolate ; yea, and nothing shall escape them.

 The appearance of them is as the appearance of horses; and as horsemen, so shall they run.

 Like the noise of chariots on the tops of mountains shall they leap, like the noise of a flame of fire that devoureth the stubble, as a strong people set in battle array.

 Before their face the people shall be much pained: all faces shall gather blackness.

 They shall run like mighty men; they shall climb the wall like men of war; and they shall march every one on his ways, and they shall not break their ranks:

 Neither shall one thrust another; they shall walk every one in his path: and when they fall upon the , they shall not be wounded.

 They shall run to and fro in the city; they shall run upon the wall, they shall climb up upon the houses; they shall enter in at the windows like a thief.

 The earth shall quake before them; the heavens shall tremble: the  and the  shall be dark, and the  shall withdraw their shining:

 And the LORD shall utter his voice before his army: for his  is very great: for he is strong that executeth his word: for the day of the LORD is great and very terrible; and who can abide it?

 Therefore also now, saith the LORD, turn ye even to me with all your heart, and with fasting, and with weeping, and with mourning:

 And rend your heart, and not your garments, and turn unto the LORD your God: for he is gracious and merciful, slow to , and of great kindness, and repenteth him of the evil.

 Who knoweth if he will return and repent, and leave a blessing behind him; even a meat  and a   unto the LORD your God?

 Blow the trumpet in , sanctify a , call a solemn assembly:

 Gather the people, sanctify the , assemble the elders, gather the children, and those that suck the breasts: let the bridegroom go forth of his , and the  out of her .

 Let the priests, the ministers of the LORD, weep between the porch and the , and let them say, Spare thy people, O LORD, and give not thine heritage to reproach, that the  should rule over them: wherefore should they say among the people, Where is their God?

 Then will the LORD be jealous for his land, and pity his people.

 Yea, the LORD will answer and say unto his people, Behold, I will send you , and , and oil, and ye shall be satisfied therewith: and I will no more make you a reproach among the :

 But I will remove far off from you the northern army, and will drive him into a land  and desolate, with his face toward the  sea, and his hinder part toward the utmost sea, and his stink shall come up, and his ill savour shall come up, because he hath done great things.

 Fear not, O land; be glad and rejoice: for the LORD will do great things.

 Be not afraid, ye beasts of the field: for the pastures of the  do spring, for the tree beareth her , the  tree and the  do yield their strength.

 Be glad then, ye children of , and rejoice in the LORD your God: for he hath given you the former  moderately, and he will cause to come down for you the , the former , and the latter  in the first month.

 And the floors shall be full of , and the vats shall overflow with  and oil.

 And I will restore to you the years that the  hath eaten, the , and the caterpiller, and the palmerworm, my great army which I sent among you.

 And ye shall eat in plenty, and be satisfied, and praise the name of the LORD your God, that hath dealt wondrously with you: and my people shall never be ashamed.

 And ye shall know that I am in the midst of , and that I am the LORD your God, and none else: and my people shall never be ashamed.

 And it shall come to pass afterward, that I will pour out my  upon all ; and your sons and your daughters shall prophesy, your old men shall  dreams, your young men shall see visions:

 And also upon the servants and upon the handmaids in those days will I pour out my .

 And I will shew wonders in the heavens and in the earth, , and fire, and pillars of smoke.

 The  shall be turned into , and the  into , before the great and terrible day of the LORD come.

 And it shall come to pass, that whosoever shall call on the name of the LORD shall be delivered: for in   and in  shall be deliverance, as the LORD hath said, and in the remnant whom the LORD shall call.
