King James Version: Song of Solomon (Canticles): Song of Solomon (Canticles) Chapter
King James Version: Song of Solomon (Canticles) Chapter
I am come into my garden, my sister, my : I have gathered my  with my spice; I have eaten my honeycomb with my ; I have  my  with my : eat, O friends; , yea,  abundantly, O beloved.

 I sleep, but my heart waketh: it is the voice of my beloved that knocketh, saying, Open to me, my sister, my love, my , my undefiled: for my head is filled with , and my locks with the drops of the night.

 I have put off my ; how shall I put it on? I have washed my feet; how shall I defile them?

 My beloved put in his hand by the hole of the door, and my  were moved for him.

 I rose up to open to my beloved; and my hands dropped with , and my fingers with sweet smelling , upon the handles of the .

 I opened to my beloved; but my beloved had withdrawn himself, and was gone: my soul failed when he spake: I sought him, but I could not find him; I called him, but he gave me no answer.

 The watchmen that went about the city found me, they smote me, they wounded me; the keepers of the walls took away my  from me.

 I charge you, O daughters of , if ye find my beloved, that ye tell him, that I am sick of love.

 What is thy beloved more than another beloved, O thou fairest among women? what is thy beloved more than another beloved, that thou dost so charge us?

 My beloved is white and ruddy, the chiefest among ten thousand.

 His head is as the most fine , his locks are bushy, and black as a .

 His eyes are as the eyes of doves by the rivers of waters, washed with , and fitly set.

 His cheeks are as a bed of , as sweet : his lips like lilies, dropping sweet smelling .

 His hands are as  rings set with the : his  is as bright  overlaid with sapphires.

 His legs are as pillars of , set upon sockets of fine : his countenance is as , excellent as the cedars.

 His mouth is most sweet: yea, he is altogether lovely. This is my beloved, and this is my friend, O daughters of .
