King James Version: Ecclesiastes: Ecclesiastes Chapter
King James Version: Ecclesiastes Chapter
Dead flies cause the  of the  to send forth a stinking savour: so doth a little folly him that is in reputation for wisdom and honour.

 A  man's heart is at his right hand; but a fool's heart at his left.

 Yea also, when he that is a fool walketh by the way, his wisdom faileth him, and he saith to every one that he is a fool.

 If the  of the ruler rise up against thee, leave not thy place; for yielding pacifieth great offences.

 There is an evil which I have seen under the , as an error which proceedeth from the ruler:

 Folly is set in great dignity, and the rich sit in low place.

 I have seen servants upon horses, and princes walking as servants upon the earth.

 He that diggeth a  shall fall into it; and whoso breaketh an hedge, a  shall bite him.

 Whoso removeth stones shall be hurt therewith; and he that cleaveth  shall be endangered thereby.

 If the  be blunt, and he do not whet the edge, then must he put to more strength: but wisdom is profitable to direct.

 Surely the  will bite without enchantment; and a babbler is no better.

 The words of a  man's mouth are gracious; but the lips of a fool will  up himself.

 The beginning of the words of his mouth is foolishness: and the end of his talk is mischievous .

 A fool also is full of words: a man cannot tell what shall be; and what shall be after him, who can tell him?

 The labour of the foolish wearieth every one of them, because he knoweth not how to go to the city.

 Woe to thee, O land, when thy  is a child, and thy princes eat in the morning!

 Blessed art thou, O land, when thy  is the son of nobles, and thy princes eat in due season, for strength, and not for drunkenness!

 By much slothfulness the building decayeth; and through idleness of the hands the house droppeth through.

 A  is made for laughter, and  maketh merry: but money answereth all things.

  not the , no not in thy thought; and  not the rich in thy bedchamber: for a  of the air shall carry the voice, and that which hath wings shall tell the matter.
