King James Version: Ecclesiastes: Ecclesiastes Chapter
King James Version: Ecclesiastes Chapter
The words of the Preacher, the son of ,  in .

 Vanity of vanities, saith the Preacher, vanity of vanities; all is vanity.

 What profit hath a man of all his labour which he taketh under the ?

 One  passeth away, and another  cometh: but the earth abideth for ever.

 The  also ariseth, and the  goeth down, and hasteth to his place where he arose.

 The wind goeth toward the south, and turneth about unto the north; it whirleth about continually, and the wind returneth again according to his circuits.

 All the rivers run into the sea; yet the sea is not full; unto the place from whence the rivers come, thither they return again.

 All things are full of labour; man cannot utter it: the eye is not satisfied with seeing, nor the  filled with hearing.

 The thing that hath been, it is that which shall be; and that which is done is that which shall be done: and there is no new thing under the .

 Is there any thing whereof it may be said, See, this is new? it hath been already of old time, which was before us.

 There is no remembrance of former things; neither shall there be any remembrance of things that are to come with those that shall come after.

 I the Preacher was  over  in .

 And I gave my heart to seek and search out by wisdom concerning all things that are done under : this sore travail hath God given to the sons of man to be exercised therewith.

 I have seen all the works that are done under the ; and, behold, all is vanity and vexation of .

 That which is crooked cannot be made straight: and that which is wanting cannot be numbered.

 I communed with mine own heart, saying, Lo, I am come to great estate, and have gotten more wisdom than all they that have been before me in : yea, my heart had great experience of wisdom and knowledge.

 And I gave my heart to know wisdom, and to know  and folly: I perceived that this also is vexation of .

 For in much wisdom is much grief: and he that increaseth knowledge increaseth sorrow.
